Waaaay!
Love these shoes!
Good indoor training shoes for running on treadmill, doing lunges and regular exercises
Very nice reading glasses
Nikes usually run small and I'm a 7.5
Fast shipping and turned out as expected
l always buy Nike shoes and been happy so far
I'd say it's as good as expected
Good fit.
They fit great
Considering the fact that I have wide feet, the shoes are slightly tight
A-MA-ZING
I loved them
Very light weight
Light but very supportive
Great pair for my wife
A different kind of shoe
Sizing was perfect as ordered
I **loved** these shoes when I got them
Nice pants but too small...
Best Nike shoe ever!
Good for non-aerobic workout
The right one almost slips off my foot a bit
These are way too narrow
Good shoes for walking
Fit true to size and are lightweight
They're ugly: the toe is rounded and the material is weird
Great for cross-training/HITT videos
I always get a half size up
It is super comfortable. The grip is wonderful for my indoor gym cross training classes
Very comfortable shoes
They looked very cheap
Obsessed with these shoes
The quality could have been better
I bought these sneakers for boot camp class
Excellent value
In really like these
I usually wear a 9 but could have easily ordered a 8.5
Love these!
Husband was very happy
Look better than the picture
Very true to size
I loved these shoes...that...
Perfect fit! Brand new in new...
These were the best!
Fit is fine but not much cushioning in the footbed
Lightweight, decent arch support
Stays vibrant after many washes
Love these shoes!! Beautiful color, comfy, and lightweight
Love these shoes
The shoes are extremely comfortable, all my clients love them
Super comfortable
Great size and fits perfectly.
Comfortable shoe for both workout sessions and walking
Perfect for training
Great arch support and cushion both for the heel and...
Perfict fit for me
Super light, decent arch support (mine is higher than average)
Great shoes for walking
Well made, soft, thick
These are truly crosstrainers
Love these shoes
Comfortable and lightweight
Very light and minimally passed
It's cushiony and comfy
Best thing ever for plantar fasciitis and resultant neuromas
I ran right out of shoes!
Comfortable athletic shoe
Comfortable shoe
Size 8, but purchased 8.5 for a more comfortable feel
Very good Nike quality
They run big and are super uncomfortable
There very nice
My favorite running shoes
I have many of the trail runners generations
Good fit even after washing in hot water to force shrinking
Super comfortable and nice!! Got more than I expected, super flexible great for training
Just wish they would not roll down
I bought a pair of these in my size
Super comfortable, good ventilation
Great look but zero support inside the shoe
Perfect for running!
They'll work great!
After less than a week the sole ripped off on the...
This shoe is JUST OK
The problems with lack of support arose
I've always gotten this size
Love them absolutely comfortable
Perfect color!
Great ring!
Love the colors.
These shoes are great
Great product and price!
So happy with this purchase
Perfect fit
Most comfortable training shoes
Extremely light weight and flexible
Cute shoe
I don't expect them to last...
Very satisfied with this purchase
The shoes are true to size
Great for my daughter
I love these shoes
great price for the product, though the sizes tend to be bigger
Not the manufacturer's fault
Love these shoes. My feet have been weird since I...
Superrrrr thigh high
Good socks!
Relieving Plantar Fascitis
They are perfect and very cute
they are fine for the value
So be ware when you order.
I am happy with the support for walking and everyday wear
I think that is typical of cross trainers
Picky daughter actually loves them
Super light and very comfortable
These are so cute and comfortable
Super comfy, true Size
So comfortable, I don't even feel like I have...
I like it
These are my favorite walk around shoes
Great customer service
BEST. SHOES.EVER. I bought two pairs in different colors...
I want to return for a refund
Love these shoes. Workout in...
Love the mirror finish - very comfortable
Very pleased with this shoe.
Love these shoes! So stylish and comfortable
I love these shoes so much
I really love these shoes
Did not fit well. Was not comfortable
Good for my endurance workouts
Love the shoe.
Love them!
Love them! So light feeling
They ran large.
The picture makes the shoe look like...
Good looking training shoes overall
So comfortable and my feet don't hurt after long hours
Favorite training and walking shoes
The most comfortable shoe I've ever had
Meh, felt very comfortable but provided no support
The color pattern and fit is what I liked the most
Love these shoes
These were a perfect fit
Love them!
Stays vibrant after many washes
Great! Super comfy and cute
Great shoes. Fit perfectly. Comfortable right from the start
It is comfortable.
Waaay too small
The shoe is too large
Good looking shoe
Fit true to size
Very comfortable and fit
Not sure why, but my mid section of...
I found out they are overpriced
It looks nice, but it's not comfortable
A little annoying because I have to pay attention
He is 6'3" and weighs 257lbs
Good fit and comfy
Super light weight comfortable! Kick box in these and run too
Great shoes for everyday use
Love the color and fit
Great cross trainer!
Great shoe! Outside arch is kind of high, but I'm still...
I've not even had them a month
Great for the price!
Comfortable and light
Great for plantar fasciitis and neuromas
Excellent value. Comfortable
Very comfortable shoes
My son likes these
Very nice looking
I only give four stars
Cute and comfy. Sleek design
There were two stained yellow spots.
Very tight fit
They fit great, look great
They are awesome! They are nearly weightless and feel great on my feet
These sneakers give me the motivation to workout
I ended up having to throw them out
I always order a 1/2 size up
Love these lightweight shoes
the best sneakers by far
Very cute and very comfortable
Very comfy and very nice looking shoe
Color was not at all what i expected
Good color
I love them!!
Good weight, sized just right
Very comfortable and great for weight training
I was really excited when I opened...
I am very disappointed. I don't recommend this product at all
Great shoes
The fit is as expected
This Flex Supreme does NOT have enough support over the toe...
Great for people with bunion issues or previous surgeries
Great shoe for gym workouts
Love my new Nike's
They are really light and comfortable
My husband looked like he was wearing blown up clown pants
Perfect for the gym
Perfect!
Looks great with my white gold ring and you cant beat the price
I love this show
Love the fit
Love them! I ordered an 8.5 because I usually wear...
nice sneakers. Fit as expected
Shoe was somewhat large
The first day I wore them
Perf.
Size, colour and print all above average but does not wash great
Very comfy. If they had pockets
All black shoe
These are light weight. I...
Great Ryka pair
My favorite cross trainer!
Nike always makes a good shoe
Good size at 36" x 54"
Really enjoy this product
Love this stuff. i'm on my second order
This lavendar water smells amazing
Really like the shampoo and body wash
Great pump!
Good product but I can't see spending the money on it again
Best Bubble Baths
I **LOVE** my Essies
I know sandalwood is a more manly scent; but...
Good product!
O love all the Go Fresh Energize line
5 stars it is.
Bath gel lasts for quite some time
I love this stuff and hate that it costs sooo much
They are standup pumps
Not a single complain. Perfect!
I agree with...
The verbena is such a refreshing scent
smells delicious, cleans well
Pretty nice little manicure set
This soap goes on as smooth as butter
I love this hair cream
I have sensitive skin and I have...
No offense but I just don't like it at all
Lavender should have a fresh scent and a nice purple color
I have many tools to help me keep my feet soft in the summer time
I like it and it smells good but...
A fan!
I love this brand because the ingredients are all good enough to eat...
The scent is just right. Not over powering
This set of nail polish and top coat works really well for me
Love this flavor of Axe
Great product! Clean&fresh smell
Gives some control to old gray wild hair
Unavailable now.
It feels so good on your skin
Great for solving dandruff issues
I continually get compliments on how wonderful I smell whenever I...
Love this shampoo! Recommended by a friend
adidas hair and body 3 active start shower gel and shampoo 250 ml 8.4 oz thank you
Not a good shampoo
Very well-made and colors are rich
I LOVE IT! Bought more!
I'm 63 with still nice hair but so much less...
I'm new to the Pre de Provence brand
Great price for the three bottles
Love IT!
I would give it 5 stars but it is way over priced
This review is for the body lotion
Best razor Rem ever made
The Linden soap is an absolute delight
Psoriasis
Good strong wooden handle that is easy to use
I could smell it as I was opening the box it was shipped in
Excellent product. The package arrived...
Perfect for corporate fitness shower stall
A little more expensive than when purchased from the growers
Good shampoo for dry hair
my husband uses this bodywash all the time
Very nice scent
I absolutely adore it
I thought it was a mousse product
I've been buying Pre de Provence items for at least fifteen years
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this product!!!!! It smells AMAZING and feels GREAT on the body
I am pleased.
I totally thought this was a leave-in
Philosophy is great and she said this set
The best pre-shave juice ever!
My eye area is firming up
I have always liked Prell conditioner and so does my wife
What a great idea
LOVE THE SMELL
Will buy it again, definitely
What's not to like? Has been an old standby...
I love this and hope it works for you too
It's very close. The pros: This polish goes on smoothly and dries so quickly
Love Britney spears
Eye gel is easy to apply and I use it morning and night
My wife and me have used this shampoo for a long time
great shower cream.the large is the best value and...
THIS WAS A GIFT PURCHASED LAST YEAR FOR MY DAUGHTER
Definitely lathers nicely and doesn't dry my hands
This shampoo and conditioner leave my hair in great condition
Great shower cap
Love this perfume. Light and feminine and doesn't give me...
Crest pro Health multiprotection rinse
Best sulfate-free shampoo and conditioner ever!
Great for gifts too
The soap is great, I only wish it was available in stores
Great for an oceanfront condo rental
What a scam!
So handy and unique!
Best smelling soap I've ever found
THIS IS WHAT BODY GLOSS IS SUPPOSED TO BE LIKE
Love the scent and it work better than any other mousse I have used
Love this shade.
I love it. Although I have to admit I am quite messy
I only use it without polish
It worked great!
Great fragrance and product
Great for an at home spa experience
A good nature smell rather than just a cologne type smell
I love my soaps
Great value.
Great price and delivery
It smelled awful
Oooh la la!
Just love it! After trying so many...
I know this because I have bought it before but the picture on the site looks more like a peach color
This is a wonderful addition to any dopp kit to keep your face lettuce looking sharp
I am a huge fan of Molton Brown products
Good for you and the enviroment
I have been using this product for as long as I have been shaving
Love the smell & lathers easily so...
Love this shower gel
Top notch
Best smelling soap I've ever found
This is a long-lasting bar of soap
This conditioner is really nice
Best stuff on earth for your hair!
The scent is very unique and luxurious
One of the things we are working on with my grandson...
Started using this product...
I honestly think most of the reviews are false
I love it.
Nice for summer
My favorite shine complex
You Just Need a little, and it lathers up great
Doesnt smell
Sweet smelling bubbles and nourishing skin care
Love the old bottle design
This is my 3rd bottle
This may be suitable for some people but it is not really what I need in an eye cream
I recommend this blush.
I bought this for my daughter
Reasonably priced.
It smells exactly like the Original J'Adore perfume
This shower gel was decent
Good deal
This is a complete set to get you started with the Electric toothbrush
Subtle but wonderful scent
Best toothpaste for growing adult teeth
It feels like clean without slipping feeling
Good mouthwash
Love Sandalwood Shea Butter
It doesn't have fluoride which is helpful for sensitive teeth
Good for Psoriasis
Love this razor!
The process was quick and easy
It smells nice and subtle
I wish they had body lotion
Best body wash I've ever used
It's all you need for scrubbing
These strips are very easy to use
I've been a fan for years
CFH
Feels great on hands and arms
I think this shampoo can be even five stars
Not a big deal
Best product ever!!
Sensodyne works right away
I got both items for the price of just the lotion on amazon
Perfect for the kids!
Great product.
Makes my hair shine better than anything else I've tried!
Smells AMAZING. Worth buying
It is their best scent..
this body wash smells amazing! and as an added bonus
Very standard shower cap
Color Boucle Bath Mitt
My product was not sealed
Fresh mint, smooth mint, clean mint
I highly recommend this to all new moms!
So fragrant and good lather
Glorious oversized bars!
love this product - wish I could find it in the store
Great for wash, pick, and let dry
I wear Shalimar lotion and perfume
Not a whole mouth piece for all your teeth
No change my scalp still itches like crazy
100% natural and organic and performes much better than...
Love this lotion
My favorite for years and has never disappointed
It is alcohol free but holds well
Great for those who find regular floss too difficult to use
Great soap for those sensitive to fragrance
It's kind of an odd mix of reviews here
this is getting hard to find
The best! Aromas are lovely
Great product for dry course hair
French milled soap is the best
Came on time
This toothpaste tastes great! It tastes like pink bubblegum
Good face wash
It's not a scent that I can easily break down
Love soap with shea butter in it
What the hubby wanted
She loves the product
Pro-Health Multiprotection rinse in Wintergreen
I bought this same brand at a 250mg size
It is sturdy and well made
a nice minty flavored mouthwash
It has a nice smell that isn't too overwhelming
Very pleased Nice assortment
Pretty deep purple creme
I used to wonder what caused redness and skin irritation every time...
My skin is so soft, not greasy or feeling like I need to take another shower
Great product!
Great lather, delicious smell and really clean!
I love it.
It is simple. No heavy perfumes or dyes
Good smelling
I purchased this comb as a gift
I love the price!
Nice foot file and gets the job effectively
What more can I say
Great aromas, great cleaning power
Skin did not improve
Good shampoo, hair stays where its combed to
I really do love using them
Item came on time
Best smell by Old Spice so sad they stopped...
Beautiful Beginnings have been the answer to my prayers when...
Not a CLEAN & CLEAR problem
My favorite of the Thymes
Not drying out the skin
The teal pattern is pleasant
What a fabulous way to spread the clean, inviting fragrance of Lavender
It smells great
Love this compact fragrance.
It's a very natural scent
It smells really good!
Mirabelle scented soap from Pre de Provence smells wonderful
Just what I hoped for.
My hair looks healthy and naturally shiny!
My son likes this
It's not something I plan to use every day
Really love the product
It's a mild mouthwash that is alcohol free
This is my favorite brand.
This is really thin and really cheap
Good size and fits thick bar of soap
always my come back favorite
so i love every single Escada fragrance
Loved this spong so much!! I bought one for a...
I've had it for so long I forget which box
This is a great and versatile product! I use it for cooking
This is a decent mitt
Love it!
Very speedy delivery and the product was exactly as expected
Love the scent.
A cranberry-scented body wash
The scent is light and I have purchased many Pre De Provence bar soaps over the years
Pretty bottles
It's not color treated. I have some flyaway hair and split ends
Not walnut or random shell pieces acting as your physical exfoliant
It doesn't smell like a lavender
These are products I use regularly...
Fantastic! I love the Diva fragrance
It is very gentle on your hair
Great! large enough for excellent coverage...love it!
Overall a decent daily conditioner from Pantene
Great for my hair
a mild tasting, alcohol free mouth wash
My favorite shampoo.
Loved the products but did think it was priced a little high
This is my favorite floss
My favorite body wash
Crest mouthwashes tens to have a bitter aftertaste
Love this! The peppermint smells so fresh
I love it
It works well no matter the alternatives I used
It smells great, just light and sort of spring fresh to me, not...
My main powder brush now :D
You have a toothbrush which supposedly uses sonic waves to clean the teeth
Cleansing properties are above any praise
Love this fragrance
I didn't feel like it was actually shampoo
Smells nice
This is a must!
Love the smell and the way it feels on my lips
Love it! Scent is refreshing not over powering
Essential for healthy youthful skin
Love this eye gel
I personally prefer the bar soap over the body wash
Awesome product, no doubt
A great Pantene product
I like this better than my current mouth wash
Love it!
It worked! I am happy too!
Great flavor!
This is an outstanding product!
I love it so much
I have to use very less shampoo nevertheless it dries...
The color is gorgeous and goes with everything
Good product. Shipped quick, packaged well...will buy again
Great product for pampering yourself
Best mouthwash for my family
The Crest + Oral-Professional Gingivitis Kit
Love this set!
Good color, but it took...
This was one of my favorites and still is
My son loves the variety
First hair care product I've decided to purchase online
Great for the price.
My "go to" shampoo for my blonde foiled hair
I don't think it is that great
I wish it were still in stores
My male roommate and I both love this shampoo
very masculine smell
This is the original Matrix Amplifying / Volumizing System Shampoo...
The Lemongrass is a wonderful scent,...
My sister bought a bottle and I totally noticed a difference in her eye skin and bags
great service. thanks!!
Bamboo foot file is an improvement
Great nail polish!
It smells like something delicious, but tastes a little funny
Great pumice stone on a short rope
Excellent product! Received in good time
Works great in the shower
Oglivie hair perm
Wonderful soap, lasts forever
This is one of the first soaps I've tried
Great soap for medical reasons
Love it! moisturizing, citrus fragrance is fresh and clean
Great shower gel
Nice fragrance - not overpowering but present
I have sensitive skin, and know that this product is causing the reaction
Buy this for my aunt
This is a high quality soap that produces a nice rich lather
They are long enough to cover about 3 teeth
No seal on bottle
Love the Bionutrients
So light weight but covers well
The smell is intoxicating
ARTISANAL FRENCH SOAP BAR (Olive Oil)
Great set!
It's my favorite, ever
Love this body wash
Super Orgasm by NARS
I want my tummy flat and my hair poofy
Great for exfoliating!
Best smelling shower gel I have ever used
This bar was bought for my friend who likes Rose scented bar soaps
It smells like artificial bananas
a good conditioner to use every day
No more toothpaste all over the sink
These are great! They smell wonderful
Inflates to adjustable comfort zone
I am an Aqua Velva Man and absolutely love this stuff
I really like that this product is paraben-free
Fast shipping, great price & product
This soap not only smells delightful
Victoria Secret had an amazing fragrance in this but has since discontinued it
I love it!...
These refill intense reinforcing treatment, left my hair...
my wife loves this bath soap
Love this scent, and the soap leaves my skin feeling great
We love the PRELL Conditioner
The best soap I've ever found
Best shampoo out there
Not a good mouthwash
This is pricey, but the results are worth it
Best general purpose shampoo on the market
It smells great!!!
Great toothpaste for kids
It's not as sweet as I anticipated
I can remember my grandpa playing with my hair when I was...
I gave Escada by Escada Shower Gel to my brother last Xmas
Nice mild fragrance
The only drawback to this soap is the scent, which is the usual strong smell for men's hair and body products
This is a great tool to start with
Great for natural curly hair
It's a large bar of luxurious French soap
Worth the dollars!
Excellent vegan ingredient list and no chemical additives
Good product too.
A great mouth transformation kit.
Wonderful smell and relaxing smell
Excellent product for the price
I like the blue so this is acceptable for use by my husband and son
It smells great
It is one of the only products that is 100% organic
I would recommend this product.
Love Perlier Lavender Body Butter
The products great, hard to find
Good for your skin and works well too
Getting more and more difficult to find
Love this cream
Good sized, long lasting soap bar
Good Stuff!
Love these Soaps and the Company who makes them
The Kiwi body wash is mild and fragrant and cleanses well
Nice shampoo with conditioner
A bit of a let down
Great for traveling
Great mouthwash for dry mouth
Can't get this in the US
Very nice for brunette hair color
Fits the bill
Perfect fit for Maytag dryer
i cook only once in a blue moon
Good job
Good reviews but don't know why
We would give less than 1 star if possible DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT
Fitted perfectly!
The job for fixing our Maytag dryer
Hard to come by
Great product, on time
This review is for Gardus RLE202...
I just wonder how long they last
Great start devices for all domestic refrigeration
works great. we loved ours!
A hose was included with our machine so we didn't need this
great price I keep one in stock
A complete kit for cleaning the dryer vents
It's not as clear as the product photos
As the prices go up on appliance parts, you have to look elsewhere to save money
So being lazy I decided to clean the vent from the outside of the house inward
NewAir will not stand by their products. The manufacturer will NOT cover the item under warranty
Good value for money
Clean our 15-foot dryer duct
save your money!!
Common failure with...
I only use the namebrand filters
Just as good as the more expensive filters I used to buy
A spare thermofuse
i cook only once in a blue moon
Quality was as expected
The connect did not match up where I had...
It fits perfectly our new hood
We would give less than 1 star if possible DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT
Great muti pack
great little bullet shaped ice cubes
Common failure part in these dryers
This is what life comes down to when you are 50 years old
The original filter I bought
You are an amazing businessman
Work perfectly and on time!
it will last 6 mouths and u get to do it
Replace the original equipment rubber hoses
This is one of the cheaper parts...
I got a warehouse deal "LIKE NEW"
Great burner covers.
it did not last more then 3 days
This did the trick to make my dryer new again
All-plastic insert ones are better than the ones with the metal ones
Great buy I replace alot of them
Easy install on dryer
Fit perfectly in my fridge
Good Job
Worked fine
Very satisfied with the taste
Scared me a little
Filter functions and tastes exactly like the more expensive brand
Great tasting water
works great instructions made job very simply just need the right tools
Common failure part on Whirlpool built...
Great for cleaning out lint
great kit for dryer vents
good item
These filters worked great
This is by far the most secure and easiest filter to install
Good value for electric dryers
a great little tool
Great brand.
good money maker too
Works great
It works like it is supposed to
they ok parts
Fits my Samsung fridge
I have been a technician since 1971
The filter is important as it reduces the really fine white dust just as advertised
Worked great
works great and very quiet
Very nice binder for the price
They were about 3" long and were extremely difficult to hold
Great product!
My new favorite sketchbook
A must have for quilt piecing
Easy to assemble, though you need your own latchhook and binding
Great for a complete beginner
Great foot!
I love these iron-on mending tapes! The material is light cotton
Great markers for quilting
They have plastic gear and are a piece of high priced junk
Good glue sticks!
I imagine they work the same
Love it! It holds a lot more than what i thought...
Its nothing to really rave about
Great chain for jewelry making
Not Glass Heads
I love plaster of Paris
a decent machine for the price
Easy to shape. Great product
Love all the capabilities of this machine
Works perfectly. Seems very durable
The last thing I wanted to do is chase down a puppy every other day
Fun with these
We are glad to see it here on Amazon
Perfect thimble for me
Cedar Bark Buttons & Sea Otter Fur Buttons
nicer than I could have imagined
Perfect scissors for embroidering
Great adhesive for making cards
Cuts like a dream and takes off...
Would be tons better if it was made...
I'm extremely happy I didn't pay full price for this knitter
Very cute and not that small
Fabulous product! It really works!
Cute! I love them
This set I will get a lot out of
It works great on multiple sheets
Truly are "left handed scissors"
Works the way it was supposed to?
The chalk is creamy and smooth and usually removes easily
Bought this machine for my youngest daughter
Easy to use
Very happy with these, will buy more.
Great product.
lemon squeezy
nice embossing
Good product. Much better than using shears
Prismacolor equals good quality, which equals more expensive
Bright and sunny yellow
I work with mostly 4mm or 6mm round beads
These blades are great! I do A LOT of cutting
Best colored pencils ever! Vibrant colors
Dries darker than I would have liked when I think...
I am an amateur, but they are good enough for me at that price
Great for rotary cutters
Its a nice little machine
Singer 4423 Heavy Duty sewing machine case
I am waiting for colder months
This is just what little girls want!
Great quality, easy to use!
Perfect for sketching before watercolor washes
Pretty colors
Not a huge fan of Prisma's non-photo blue
Great for any person looking for some different crayons
Just what I was expecting
A little shorter than I had hoped
They are small, but usually just fine for quick snips
It is especially difficult when I try to knit the first and second round
It works like a charm
I love bamboo needles, but they do tend to develop rough spots
dry and left dust so do not use without a brush
Clear Embossing Powder
I am glad I checked other people reviews before I opened the bottle
"oil pastels" is a joke
I bought this for a different reason
I'm not familiar with this product but my daughter is...
So glad I did order it
Not a deal breaker for me
Great reference for artists
So excited to try this out
I prefer my Olfa cutter over the others
It works very well
Very good product.
Warm and Natural for most of my projects
Very nice quality embossing powder
This can be your best friend while your crafting!
Saved a jacket of mine that had an accidental cut...
Easily cuts through 2 layers of fabric and probably more
These are such a delight to work with!
Clover soft touch hooks are my favorite
These scissors are AMAZING for alleviating that stress
They do bend easily though
Works great for book binding
The thread seems of adequate quality for hand sewing
Works well for applying kiln wash to shelves or for...
A new dimension to my markers
The tape is not adhering like it should
the colors are nice and they were easily diluted with water
I just want to keep knitting forever with them!
I just taped it with Tear Aid
It drapes well
The colors are good quality
Amazing polymer clay sculpting tools for the price
This is really a professional art product
Nice quality, works well
This little tool is soincredibly easy to use
Makes my quilting so much easier
Perfect for sewing and crafts
Great set of pencils and charcoals
Love Apoxie Sculpt
My cards and my beads were in color
Makes fast work of my paint prep time
WAS FOR A GIFT
They are a bit flimsy though
Very nice paper
Good quality.
They're firm, I had no problem with breaking
Love this palette knife!
The Singer 4432 machine is heavy and huge
Work perfect in both my Olfa and Fiskars
This is probably one of the best products I have ever bought
I was pleasantly surprised
Great set!
Nice set of pencils
This is my first sewing form
Perfect for autumn and winter wear projects
I am so glad that I purchased this stitch counter
Great Cute Set
Works well. A little pressure is needed to mark felt
Cute fun
Great heat tool.
Not easy but doable
I tried it for quilt piecing
Super fine embossing powers gives a radiant glow, is easy to work with
Liquitex Gloss Acrylic Fluid Medium
I did not know this existed but am THRILLED that I found it
Very nice starter set, but I was disappointed...
Great tote
They are hard to use even on paper
These are great to help finish up my project
Very nice set of drawing pencils
Not wonderful, but useful for little projects
They really stayed together!
Daughter loved working on this
will come in handy
Works as it should obviously
Absolutely love these. I find the refillable one a bit...
Great cleaners
Love this yarn
They are not quite as sharp as they once were
Great shaping tool.
not good quality at all
Knitted elastic performs perfectly
I have to soak my brushes to get them really clean
I've only used this once on my FOOT! And YES
I received different answers
lion brand pound of love yarn
I'm no pro
As described
Flawless work when I use them
Sharp scissors for detail work/fussy cutting paper
These get 'damaged' by...
They were a bit loose so I tightened the screw
This bleeds a little on canvas shoes
Disappointed, almost immediately, replaced...
Excellent product.
super fun, but don't glow for very long
My teacher recommended this brush
Heavy textured yarn I talked about above
Ao I don't like that
Great gift at a great price
These make a bold statement when used...
This really works well
I still am in love with the design and the heavy metal construction
Great for patterns. Too thick to trace through
They are comfortable to handle
White perler beads
Very useful and very easy to use
Best foiler for stained glass!
The colors are beautiful.
Better than old fashioned wooden hoops
Great. I keep mis-placing them
Great for round poms
A fail for me
Great purchase!
Cuts sewing time in half
Good value for money
These are 1/2 pastels in a wonderful range of colors
Don't need this item and don't like...
They fit my Dremel burner no problem
these are great and I will re order these
Great color for a couple onsies
It worked but it had more the consistency of paint than dye
Very disappointed with this spindle
Great gun but the Amazon price is very high
A good standard loom hook
Gift I got for my niece...
Sturdy and well-made
Love this. Watched video on youtube to learn...
Perfect for piecing
Oh OLFA rotary cutter
These are great, not only for when lighting is low but also when...
Good to have an extra one of these
I like the way they mark
This is glorious. Wow. The smoothness!
Excellent pricing for superior Crayolas
I love how it looks and that...
The ink is permanent and...
This is a neat design
Good
I would recommend it when you need to use...
The sharpest scissors I have ever used
IKEA curtains
:-)
Perfect substitute for leather
This cutting board is great for protecting table tops or...
It fits nicely into the project box
I love Mod Podge
Great for making warm quilts
The shimmer is gorgeous
Pretty colors, but this stuff was...
Great needle threader
This paper is fantastic!!!
GREAT TO MAKE EARRINGS
Great selection of natural colors and very pleased with...
Bright color for the money
Great item to pierce paper, and matboard
Nice product at a good price
Cutest little hammer ever seen
Great crochet hooks.
All the essential knitting accessories for an incredible price
Super pastel pencils
Easy to interchange
Great stuff! But only when used as directed
Singer is a good brand.
Too small for the automatic threader on my machine
Works very well for the project we wanted it for
Very pretty, was exactly what I needed
Fun, addicting
Great for knitting needles
I tape watercolor or mixed media paper to it before starting a painting
My needles were not in best of shape
These are sharp and cut well
I liked the brushes as they are very soft and spread...
Easy to use and very sharp
great drawing pad
I LOVE the Imagine mats
Great paints but colors do not glow in the dark
Great for calligraphy and black ink
I had a 50% coupon from a big chain store
Red Heart Yarn
Awesome!
So far I am very satisfied with what I got
Great yarn!
This product is hard to find
I love my new charm
I made leg warmers for my little ballerina friend
Great results!
Perfect gift for my nephew who loves to paint
It rips seams
Love the locking action
It came every item...
Great colors.
WORKS GREAT FOR MY JOB
Totally not what I was expecting!
Great for wargaming miniatures
Good for storing photos
It has worked out nicely.
This hoop is easy to adjust and holds fabric tightly without slipping
Love the fact I got 2 folders...
Fun, but tiring
This heat gun does take a little longer to heat up but does...
Love this golden ink
they are not the best color that i have but do it...
They don't mark as easily as chalk
Do not grip or stop ruler from sliding
They do what they are supposed to do
My perfectionism is a bit bothered
Love this medium
Thank you!
These came quickly and at first I loved that...
Super thin and it does a really good job of holding the ink
I regret buying it, but not worth the cost of shipping
I'm old, and I may not change for this item
Love this brand
Great scissors!
Jacquard acid dyes
Great sealer for your canvasses and precious art
great
Not a uniform dye
Fits machine perfectly
A great upgrade!
I got this in the mail today and was so excited...
Good feel, however not completely smooth had...
I have small children who love to get into everything
Grateful for the cotton-only content
Just kinda smudged and looked awful
Colors I Need
It worked for me beautifully
I like the stabilizer but...
Pretty powder. Too bad the lid was...
They worst threat i have ever used
Great for marking, but the container itself is not the most durable
excellent picture, description, and item.
Will not be using these needles again
Great for beginner like me
I bamboo circular knitting needles are fabulous
Super sharp
Easy to use
Very easy to bend
Best cutter ever
perfect for us to use with our awl
Covers wood looks good
Great for the price you pay
Great toy!
The needles work great
They are very sturdy, very sharp, and feel good to use
I was disappointed in the hook
Great size and stackable with all other varieties of 'Super Satchel'
The Fiskars I can use
these are tiny size things of yarn...
Thin as cheesecloth
Great board. I love the self-healing effect
This paint is a really nice flat white
High Quality product. Quick delivery. Recommend highly
The best quality in arts and crafts
Would not last a second time
This punch is good and seems very sturdy
I want all the colors!
Will be using from now on in...
Beautiful and works well.
Great color
No pottassium alum
Very sharp and well made
Great for sewing patterns
Very nice. My fist Pro Color
not sure why iam having to rate this again I got them they do what...
I love them and use them almost every day
The beads I got were not 6-6.5
This worked fine for my Craftsy class on painting...
A good kit for both the stamp-making novice and the artist who's looking...
Nice sharp blade
The colors looked Christmas-y
Nice large skein of the color
I love the size of this scissors
These work nicely for blocking a sweater
This has all the Colors you would ever need just Hours of Fun
nice pens. ink flows smoothly
A piece of chalk works better
Good bang for your buck
Looks great, saving for next years' Christmas ornaments!
Pretty stitch markers
Good product!
handy tool for quickly getting your paint mixed up without shaking and getting air bubbles in the paint
I like the Princeton brushes
Good coverage for acrylic
Great for blending colors
Gorgeous watercolors! So highly pigmented and mix well
Perfect for a person who won't be using it as often as a real artist would
Worked up beautifully
Great cleaners
Very popular color in the US
I love the Jacquard mica powders
Love it. Much easier than scissors
Good for cutting lighter craft paper, and vinyls
Good quality student grade watercolors
All resin yellows over time but this one is the worst...
Fantastic sat at a great price
I love the pricing and it works perfectly for me
It is consistent, dependable and long lasting
Excellent quality, packaged securely
It came with thread in it
The toolopens key rings
Great for the extra money
Easy to work with
Good quality
Distress Inks
This is a durable little hole punch that definitely does the job I was hoping
I used this yarn to crochet an infinity scarf
I like this brand
A gift for a friend how...
Great for anything touching skin or really anything else
Looks great and so far is durable
Encantan mis ajugas sus colores son muy lindos
The results were fantastic
I luv scissor
I'm not happy with it
Wonderful set and made from light, cool bamboo
Very nice pencils, but the tin is not aspictured
Good maleability, but not too soft
Great for small tote bags
The colors are bright and solid
Works well as a hot knife but loses heat rapidly if...
It delivers what you need
Prefer over heavy body for almost everything
Good - really good glue
Beautiful fun set of watercolor brushes
tho style brush pen
I wish they had hooks in this set larger than J.
They are what they are.
Good way to store sockets
Applied with a Milwaukee variable speed polisher
Fits great.
Well..made in USA...does the job...and it is not quiet...
Easy way to diagnose and rule out any issues with spark
Good Stuff
Master builds a good product
I don't see it as an item to use
Keeps the rear level too when I hook to my boat
The Lexol Leather Conditioner contains special oils that rejuvenate and softens leather surfaces
apparantly hearing impaired
Good looks...It is spaced in three sections about 6 inches each...
Good and strong for blowing off dust
For the cost these are hard to beat
High quality components... and easy install
Can't beat the price!
Great price.
after all the review, i tried this, gave it...
The bucket I recieved was nothing like the photo advertised
Great buy
Works could be better. The tool fits but falls out
Works as advertised.
I have read so many positive reviews
Works better than natural chamois
Love NJ!
Seems like the product itself is good but the nozzle likes to...
LOVE THIS STUFF
They are a tight fit
makes changing your oil a lot less messy
Great for sealing a hole below the water line
Good product for the wrong application
good product,but small wing nuts
Item quality was good
Metra is the best I've ever used
Got this to fill in...
Works great, and lasts much longer than I expected
Stuff works. 25 years of heavy oxidation gone
Excellent Jack Stands
used this to repair the head on the car worked perfect
Very nice flannel material
Simple economics
Great product. I have a larger 6.5' bed with wheel wells
Very good idea, I have a 4-Runner which has a filer...
Great Product. Very Happy with my item
NOT 2-3/4" Minimum Height as Advertised
Worked as described
Will update after use after use
I would like to give it 4.4 stars really, but I will round up
It smells good too!
This item is just what I want too...
Good unit for the price, however it would be nice to have just a...
It looks flawless.
Works as described by seller
This has been mounted now for several weeks
I'm actually a fan of the metric system
It really spins the bike over when cold
It covered the tire great
I probably will look for a non-Sierra brand next time
Easy instructions
This thing is a piece of junk
I always used this product
Bad fit bad quality
cost me half of what I could get a battery at interstate for...
Great tool box
Good fit and well made
Good Quality Product
Durable material and they blend in with the truck
A little jobbydo
Good tool not bad for the price back then
Great for auto detailing
Great cleaning out the air filter
Great product when used as directed
Very nice light pattern
I've never seen these being sold that we're in pairs
Very good conditioner
Very easy to use
Heavy weight vinyl
Good (Prestone) brand so you should feel confident of its quality
Need to buy to take advantage of my membership
It's like a basic Muffler
Standard quality
work good and look good
When I received these wiper blades they were deformed and would not...
These are a direct fit without any mods
This is a great tool that is really good value
Will take care of several recharges
The exact product that I needed
I used to fit my 70's cars with Cibie's like these
This is the stuff to use
It's a guy's dream mat
Awesome floor mats! Matched perfectly my interior car
Good solid stuff
Its like magic!
Very happy!
Great for a good price
I am very pleased with the quality of this sealant
Love these gun racks
Looks very nice and deflect the air in my Toyota Camry Solara
Does not do anything exciting
Great product and price I only Use this brand for my landscaping maintenance...
Works!
It sticks if you use it in cold weather
Fit perfectly. Was easy install
Great detailing spray!
It took me 1 hour & 22 mins.
So far so good
Good micro fiber towels
Fantastic item. I wish I had looked into this sooner
Great job cleaning grime
Won't hold any thing
The bucket arrived with a broken handle
Best stuff for removing old weather strip adhesive
Good cover, eminently satisfactory
No problems.
Its ok. I don't hate it yet
Great tool.
I plugged this into multiple vehicles and ran it through 2 long cycles...
This looked like what I wanted and the price was right
Cool product
This stiff dry pretty hard, and is paintable
Meguiar's polish
Professional quality. Wished...
No joy. I didn't expect miracles
High Quality American made tool
Very handy tool when you need to remove those stubborn plastic buttons
I love the way this stuff beads and makes the paint look
Highly recommended upgrade for any motorcycle!
Brighter but not over bright
Good price for mechanical oil pressure
Fitting didn't leak but plug did
I use it in my car (2004 Ford Focus) at every oil change after I started having some...
Works. No sharp edges!
Great product, just note that if your top is over a...
Good looks very thin and cheap material rattles from being bent...
It is well made and does the job
Works well and easy to use
This is the key to a beautiful, mirror finish on a...
The mats are sort of thin, and don't fit perfect
Rigid fit
Works as designed
LOUD horns
I have never used this stuff, but I am a retired mechanic
Necessary cleaning kit for anybody with a lifetime K&N filter
Made in USA!
Easy to use and Durable
I absolutely love the stuff
It looks well built but never got to use it
The metal of the tool seems okay but will work
nice because it has...
I wasn't able to use this tool because it requires 1.1" of clearance...
Good for occasional use
The Bully Step definitely solves that problem
Works great the cleaner really cleans it well
cbr1000rr with hotbodies undertail kit
It's functional so far, having inflated my tire
Great tool for evacuate fluids in all drive units...
My grandfather had these on his truck for as long as I could remember
I drive a Bentley Continental Flying Spur
This is the product for you
This is one great piece of hardware
Great for motorcycle fairings
Best product for eliminating rust
Very accurate tire gauge
The wiring kit fit my 01 tundra as described
Used as directed
It is a fine machine in itself and pulls anything I want
Great customer service!
Fine cable
Don't normally believe in canned miracles but this stuff is close
Good quality, nice look
Best filter you can get for your Town car or Crown
Great spare tire lug nut
It seems to still work well
It works, but it takes a lot of work and patience
Great for surface mount and other small items
Nice and strong
Easy to use but just a bit time consuming while you wait for it to dry
exactly what I needed and made the job easy
perfect. very small for a tight place
I hoped this would work on my vehicle (in title), but it wouldn't...
Great grip on Grip
Good reviews but it will take years before I know how well it works
Good product.
Cleaned the car like never before
Good CDs.
Good for emergency lighting systems.
I WOULD HAVE BOUGHT MANY YEARS AGO
Cleaner was very easy to use, impossible to get that wrong
The Hitch Tightner eliminates both issues
Good deal.
Great, fits perfect, fast shipping
We bought a 2009 camper in December 2016
It feels really weak
great tool for tightening a rubber boot clip
Car didn't fall on me so 5 stars
They fell apart junk
Really like this oil can
Sheds a lot of...
Great item but oil is oil
works well at refurbishing my K and N filters
Not fancy, just does the job
This is an excellent safety product
Good sale
Works well on my 2004 Mini Cooper S Sport Seats
Better value than the kits
Good amp rating for the product
Great for my 2003 Chevrolet Avalanche
Best grease gun I have owned
Needed pan
Good creeper
works fine just have to remember to tighten after 1st 5 miles from house
Easy to install and works great
toyota tacoma just perfect not to loud saves gas also nice sound priced affordable would highly recommend
Love the brightness and these lights
Best way to put it is that it serves my purpose
Get a Bigsert kit if necessary
It does the job.
WE USED THESE VENTSHADES AND SENT THE OTHER ONES BACK
Great tool for sharpening knives
Used to remove weather stripping. Works great
This is so handy to own/ have
It washes easily and applies well.
I have discovered that this thing does not stand still
Outstanding product. Word of warning
Works great. Just use in warmer weather to follow...
Works like a charm
Beautiful lights, good pricing as well!
These mirrors are OK
Easy to put on and to take off
VERY GOODFOR TESTING SPARK ON OLDER BRITISH M/C's
My requirements were very well taken care of by the adapter package
I'd get another without hesitation
Great fit and looks bad a$$
They look great too.
great price for a great product
Great for dusting!
Great purchase.
Good puller
Good tire depth gauge
These are no louder than the stock horn I was trying to replace on my 2014 Yamaha Star Bolt motorcycle
Worth the price
Nice strut tool set
This product is advertised as 4 pockets but has 3. This makes no difference
Not really all that different
Excellent buy
Tool recieved and fuction
Easy attachment for a 2x8
Good juice for a light winch
This cover works great
Probably would have rented it if...
Has been working for about a month without any problem
Better investment than other inverters
Very impressed and it took less than 10 minutes
Hide Food is very expensive and hard to work with
Good product.
Excelent product
works well. great deal. fast shipping
easy to install and works like a champ
does what it says it will do
I brought one figure it came with dust seal no way false advertising
Love it as you can instantly see what...
I was disappointed to read here that production had moved to China on these...
Easy to install using existing holes in the frame
Good for the easy to reach plastic fasteners
Looks good and...
Nice little tool
Just as described. Fit my wife's 2012...
Good item for the money
Better than rubber/foil liners
Great for reducing 'impacts'
Great size for the kn cleaner
Safety Keeps honest people honest
Everything they said it was and just took a minute to install
Fits Jeep Cherokee 2001 XJ
I love it.
Very water resistant
This is a must have for you...
Pretty nice and they add 10 horsepower so that's pretty cool
Great for oil changes just in case you drop the drain plug
made a scary job easy
I never liked to see 3 hours of detailing work destroyed in a couple of days of driving and parking
Great product!
The product was fine
Great. Would buy another one for sure
not so easy to install
Nice part to add when you are adding...
Good warn product
After one use it leaked air...
Better than any other fan I've tried
Easy replacement for RV water heater
I thought it made it look very nice
I guess that's fine
I didn't expect it to stick very long
I have used this product on several motors for...
Great line of products and this is no exception
I'm glad I bought this mirror
Made my job of...
Great fit, easy installation
this was a little difficult to use as it would...
Great product!
The unit is solid and it will move some air
you need to spend the extra cash for the product to maintain it
They are fun
Great product! Increased my mpg by 3-4 extra miles per gallon
Awesome material with many uses
Not a pro tool as it's made out of an engineering grade of plastic
I would recommend it.
Nice addition to our boat
Beautiful mirror but the wrong one for our jet ski
Better pickup.
Very hard steel that is great for deburring metals
Good white color with no hint of blue
Changed my dull fifth wheel finish
Very happy with these
quick and fast bondo
Works as it should
Great value for money
Great customer service from vendor
Did the job for one of the two drum brakes I was replacing
Spliced to the radio
very bad experience, this thing came dead from factory
These look fantastic on it!!!
Great tool for the automotive enthusiast or event the professional
It's a funnel.... it works as intended
Great stuff. Dries very hard
This adapter looks good but have that look
Cleaned my aftermarket intake pretty well
I like the size
This is the Air Chuck
Great video for the 2006 Acura TL
I installed and they do their job
This thing is pretty handy
Not out the way they are supposed to
This again is something I might not...
I have been using this proiduct on multiple surfaces inside and outside my...
Good Haynes manuals
I was concerned that this would be flimsy
* My Update above is still true.
The wheel cover fits very well
Very bright, almost twice as bright over my old ones
great way to complete my project
Easy to dry
It's ok and seems to be made well except the corners sewn...
Good fit on the hitch
123 color match exactly.
Best results are obtained by reading the instructions carefully and following them
I thought it was made of metal
Works okay but be prepared to spend some time and elbow grease
Fit good on my 1998 Toyota 4Runner but keep your old clips...
Great for a CJ-2A
Used this on both my cars
Strong plastic
I don't know why this doesn't get more credit
Love these!
Works fine. The safety pin is a nice added piece of mind
It did an excellent job
Nice mats
easy to install
Used car came with a K&N air filter, which I would never buy personally
It collects dirt and is impossible to clean after a trip
I feel much safer with a wheel chock behind...
Love this deflector!!! Fit and installed perfectly
A very handy relatively easy item to use
It really boils down to preparation and removal of the puncture source
Great pencil style tire gauge
Looks great once install
Good coverage over the rear seat
I think it's worth the $10
Great for camping
Perfect fit, easy open package
Works great with low power trailer LEDs
this is a must if you are claying your car
Nipple locks on well, one hand pump easy to operate
K&N
nice stands for safety or holding up cars while you fix them
Used this stuff to seal gutter mitres from the inside
Good value
Good product for Jeep Gran Cherokee
I love these filters
Works, but it slips from sides when the car is in movement
Great stuff with lots of uses
I've been using this product for years...
I love this product!
No appreciable difference to the road noise in my car
Works as expected
Perfect for removing the plastic rivet fasteners
Very nice mirror
it works great! no strong odor
I needed this badly since I had...
I never seem to have enough of these
Good shield material
I use the vacuum to get the dust off the duster
nice tone, decent volume
Perfect for blinding someone
Great tool!
works well, does it's job
I love these pads!
I think it broke when I closed the hood
It will read your trouble codes and give you more info on...
Fantastic MacLean novel
The Magician's Nephew
I contacted the seller and all was resolved to my complete satisfaction
Enjoyable yarn
The best part of the book is the author's style of writing
The books look great
A great story that was hard to put down
The Great Chain of Being
"Elidor" is best described as...
Good for long car rides
Very hard to follow
I was shocked out of my wits
It was a bad mistake to divide this story and the next by characters
I am overly satisfied with this product!
It's just that good
Great story
Beautiful poetry. If you haven't experienced it
Would be five stars but getting real tired of all the great characters getting killed
This was spattered everywhere with "Thee" and "Thou"
The game of thrones series is fantastic
Great series.
the movie was better but the book was ok
Dracula is a story that has been told a million times in a million different movies...
It's been a long time since I read The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe...
Loved the story
This is one of Crichton's great works
This is a family's awful nightmare
I am looking forward to reading it.
Great read!
A Feast for Crows
A very good book
This book was a very enjoyable read
Great book and lots of fun but absolutely no Indian or Southwest anthropology or cultural flavor
Old characters are left out almost completely to wait another year...
Jeffrey Archer is the modern master of irony
This book will take you from the very start...
Forget, if you can, all of the stories...
The kids are sure...
a mixed reaction book for me
A combination of "Romeo and Juliet" and "King Lear"
Great tale of the Northmen
They loved it
I read in amazement, knowing of Hemingway's fame
Flashman, but would like to read a non-fiction work by the writer
A classic the kids continue to love
I could never fully understand Shakespeare until I had...
Good plot, good characters, but too long
Interesting and a compelling page turner
AFFC has been derided by some for being the weakest of the series
The author of The Thorn Birds writes a compelling version of...
It's the connection between the author and the reader
I've also learned...
The cultural environment is richly descriptive
I would rather have the full story version
I've become addicted to the books
This book goes absolutely NOWHERE interesting
My favorite Author of all time
This one is first-rate
Great Pocket dictionaries
as expected
The kids enjoy it and find it amusing.
Never was nor ever will be...
'Prey'
This is the story of a set of twins, Rahel & Estha...
A Feast for Crows
Very charming and very touching
I bought this because I read an excerpt from...
Child would easily tear even with supervision
Beautiful story it an amazing book
Great tale of the Riftwars
Good depth of understanding concerning Jesus and the Father
It felt like I was being readied for something
Taylor Caldwell's writing is exquisite.
An amazing book with a gripping storyline
I really enjoyed The Princess and Curdie
Amusing & refreshing
I always loved Seuss as a child
Read them all
I would highly recommend that as well.
my favorite shakespeare piece
I was expecting something a bit different
My problem with this book is that I do not care...
Alot of new characters are introduced, and some of the characters from previous books have there point of view revealed
a five star book
James Patterson's novel is both unoriginal, and doesn't make sense
Self examination, trying to make heads or tails of their decisions
I would like to still have some in the picture
It's good. It's beautiful.
My 7-year-old loves these books
Another introductory book in the biology of the cell
My favorite of the first 5 ASOIAF book series
Typical Hillerman, the only mystery set in modern day- series of American Indian culture wrapped in Traditional and Ancient ethnology
very nice for split screen study
The series just keeps on getting better, and...
My daughter is homeschooled and in the 6th grade
a classic story that we loved as children
Don't follow in Jordan's footsteps...
I don't think it's his best work
Not quite done yet
It's absurdly beautiful and will move you beyond words
Great for the murder-mystery doldrums
Good book but depressing
Awesome! Never a full moment
Fitz & fools assasin tgru
Best book I've read
Very badly abridged copy of Go, Dog!
The Last Battle is my favorite of the series
perfect and i don't have to carry my actual bible
Executive Orders
Great book with a science fantasy look that...
I just was hoping for some updates?
One of the best books ever
great book
One of the best books ever written
Quartered Safe Out Here was far from best personal accounts of participation in WWII
I have always liked Dr. Seuss' books while growing up
Great writing. I have never been to India
The final compilation is not Hillerman's best
Good job.
These books have great moral lessons
A great place to start.
the size of the book will make it hard to cook with even with a cookbook stand
Great 'Thrones' saga
Perfect for Bug Out Bag
This is why I'm giving this 2 stars instead of 1.
Good book to have for my library
A masterful memoir of a private soldier in the Burma...
I can't recommend a better book than Sophia Coppola's The Queen's Confession
It's a true product of the nineties
Little Women is a must read!
Cotton-pickers are already in big demand this spring, especially in the Mississippi Delta region
It's hard to write a review of this portion of the story without reading...
but this book was slow, dragged on and I felt like I struggled to...
This is just half of the story -- Dance of Dragons will fill out the narrative
a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal"...
A Dance With Dragons
"The Old Man and the Sea"
Great book, we all know that
I thought it was delightful
Different from the old movies
It brought back memories of my childhood
It's an older used set but it serves the purpose
Enjoyed the suspense
A natural place for strife and disorder
The most entertaining to dare
I liked the plot lines involving Tyrion, Jon Snow and the young Aegon
It's not just the choice to pluck out the most interesting characters that had thus far...
Lots of action and twist
This is a masterpiece of fiction!
Caldwell is always my favorite gospel writer
The Devil of Nanking
a great, gripping story
A fascinating book about the behind-the-scenes
What I adored about the first three books in this series
This installment of the Grail Quest series
This is a classic & very enduring practically
"I am free!"
It could use more search options
Wrong. You have to have internet access to look up anything
The best book I have ever read
Rousseau has left a lasting imprint on political discourse
The first three volumes of the series were great
This is my favorite Narnia book
a very fun read
Wonderful storyline and very entertaining. The novel moves at a good...
The God of Small Things has remained in my top 5 books of all times list...
Great collection of hymns
This is Hemingway at its best
I have never read a series with Patrick O'Brian
Never met a Cornwell novel
Just as the first three books each continue...
The size of the font was okay, but I should have bought one size bigger
Great collection
I highly recommend Desolation Island
Not as tight as the first books
Humor, romance, tears
This is the worst Hercule Poirot mystery I have read
So much death in such a short span
Fabulous. The HBO series is...
It was a typical Stuart Woods gripper
P.D. Eastman
I've long been fascinated by Stonehenge, and was probably built by Neolithic people
It has been a honor to read this book
It's funny!
A great writer.
Fantastical Mr. Oppel
Havey Penick is a legend in the golfing world
Hard not to enjoy reading these novels
I am looking forward to continuing on with the series and would recommend it
It didn't do either.
I first started reading Prophet in 1963
It's something immensely satisfying, comfortable, and compelling
I am so glad I never read the first book when published in 1996
Not a lot happened in this book
Great characters and plot.
Great book, but.....
Reminiscient of the Bible, but universal in its appeal
I refuse to say anything to spoil the story
Not a masterpiece
Good quality bible
It was what my daughters both had to order for their...
Great to add to any scout how to...
Mystrey/thriller started out much better than it ended
Great novel!
What would have looked like if the Black Death virtually wiped out Europe
A must in everyone's library for graceful poetry, inpirational reading and lessons...
I'd like to know if the timeleine of "The Winds of Winter" will be...
The evocation of Robert Jordan's love for Maria
Recommended to Anyone.
I loved these books, and I read and re-read each of them
Great book, very suspenseful
It's still the fiesty
I LOVED the first three
Good advice in an entertaining way
I really like the Narnia series
This is a charming, beautifully written portrait of a brilliant little boy and his amusingly eccentric family on the...
Richard Sharpe is a wonderful character
Bought it for the illustrations
I liked Goddard's "Found Wanting" very much
This Bible is helpful in seeing the way...
just what we needed!
George Martin always does a great job
The Years of Rice and Salt
Great read for those who find Kahlil Gibran' interesting
It is not your standard edition of the complete Shakespeare
Beautiful and terrifyingly suspenseful
This is my favorite book from childhood
I dare you...
Love history but this was over-detailed in places
It's pretty hard to beat
Would give ALL of Clancy's books
She liked it.
I know this is one that most people hate...
You'll love this series!
The book starts out strong and draws in the reader
Amazing story telling ability about one of...
Okay storytelling but gimmicky use of language
I liked the rare picture of QV smiling
"Prey" deserves five stars
Really enjoyed this book
Likable characters and a gentle story
This is the first novel I have read by Jeffrey Archer
How does Robin Hobb do it
I just couldn't get in to this and had it because it...
It's a must-have for my children
I love this man!
Easy to understand and has a lot of valuable information
I. have given this story five stars
Good mystery
The hardest book to finish in ASOIAF
I prefer to study problems from a Physical standpoint
Good read, not too heavy
Love the addition to her library!
Great story teller!
It was requested by my son on his gift list
The adventure leaves the reader wanting more.
One of my favorite books
I didn't appreciate...
A little far fetched for its time
gritty and desperate and hopeless
The KJV bible very well made purchased as a gift to a new Christian
The story of Dr. Alex Cross'es niece being kidnapped in North Carolina by a man that...
fully captivating. episodes from the edge of the area
The Arthur keeps introducing more characters that seem irrelevant
The adventures seemed really taken from the lives of people in that era
Great Books for Adults
Great book about a man who inherits a house in Spain from his artist grandfather
My attention was kidnapped by the unfolding story
Wonderful set, worth the read and money
This book had way too many characters that I could care less about
Clancy-style
The author seemed to ramble on
Great series.
Always a winner
It was a delight to read again
Hate and dumb.
What to start on Martin, right?
Love Elizabeth Gaskell
This was an amazing read
One of the best books of the serries so far
Great reading, wholesome and full of interesting stories of young and old
'Without Remorse'
The title of this novel is a bit misleading
The first of many Durrell books that have enchanted generations of young nature lovers
Definitely leaves you hanging...
I'm so very glad I read it
Very different than the movie
Loved the whole series
I'm not the biggest fan of the play
Great summer read.
Kids are growing up
I LOVED these books!!
Keeps you interested the whole time
Well written. Interesting perspective
Is the fool a woman or what?
My ultimate-favorite-forever book
An easy read but one you should take notes on as you read
Adolescent readers alike enjoy these books
War and Remembrance
What a freakin awesome book
just okay I thought this book was waisted...
Good sense of humor
Fitz/Tom keeps you entertained an totally involved
SF has always kind of let itself nod toward the notion of "everything is different now!"
Another book full of twists and turns
Best Clancy book written
It was great to see more of Cersei
I loved it.
A series of gruesome murders with the victims being left in the gay...
I am a teacher who needed this tape because the one I...
a damn good writer
Bravo Forge for reprinting this classic
Hebrew is an abstract language Hebrew is a concrete language...
Miss Marple
Anita has become a terrible person.
Good entertaining & mysterious novel. Keeps your heart pounding and your mind thinking
I'm sure are enough to make the publisher happy
Brilliant! Highly recommend! True literature
Something that could easily get out of hand
One of my favorite books to read
This is a great book!
Not as engaging as the previous 3 books in the series
Not really impressed like I am with...
In a boyhood moment of adventure, Macky and his brother accidentally commit murder...
The second novel in "The Tawny Man Trilogy"
Good. I enjoyed this book as it filled in some of the background of this world Laurell Hamilton is building
Poor George Warleggan
Love the Game of Thrones series
Beautiful sonorous language
This is popular author R.L. Stine's debut in the adult fiction world
James Patterson and his Alex Cross books
Its about ''fate''
I liked it by the end, but it took me...
I have not read the Chronicles since I was a child
Laughing out loud was and is an absolute joy
The Chronicles of Narnia
I love this saga
I am glad I did not listen
Not a field manual but packed with info
Wonderful wonderful. I learned almost everything I needed...
Good book, not as good as the others
Love these books!
Read this with my dad
My son is a cadet at West Point
This is a review of the Audiobook / Kindle and Mass Market Paperback Editions
I absolutely love Hamlet
Caldwell's Book
The Chronicles of Narnia
Wonderful characterizations
Very little happens in this part
This is one of my favorite Clancy novels
Very easy to search and use in class
I for one eagerly await the next book
A series of short books that take place mostly in a mystic relm named "Narnia"
I like Patrick O'Brian more
another OUSTANDING book
Great and very interesting book
Love the book
I personally love Isabel Allende's Style
I tried to read this again as an adult but only...
It's all there, and more
Some of the brutality is of the times of the novel
This book is really much better than a learning tool
This story fits this title
Great for the young and young at heart
I read his book prior to the movie coming out
"*.*HIGHLY RECOMMEND*.*'"
Clancy hatched an idea that a war with Japan was an interesting idea
James Patterson developed a plot formula for the Alex Cross series and follows...
Arrival time very quick.
Those books deserve a write-up
C.S. Lewis
The Cardinal of the Kremlin
Very good book
I needed an imaginative fantasy romp, so I just finished...
I am not fond of the way the books are laid out
Shakespeare's tragic play, Macbeth
Glad I did
Very slow book
Interesting and informative introduction
Great book set and a wonderful price
It was a mystery of first degree throughout
A Feast for Crows
Good enough condition to give as a gift
A fantastic tale for adults and children alike
This is one of the worst text books I have ever read
a gift and he was very happy
The fact that the Greyjoys are several...
Best read alongside Writer at War
A nice gift or coffee table book
Sidney Sheldon
The most intriguing of them
Fantastic read.
A wonderful read.
A must have in very Christian library
Flashman is certainly one of the greatest set of historical military fiction
The climax of the tale is nothing but a weak fizzle
Alastair MacLean was my favourite
I love the series
All his works in one book
ROY ORBISON-BLACK & WHITE NIGHT (DVD)
Love this album!
A couple of relative clunkers
It's not bad, it's a personal solo album
"Weasels" is a sampler of performances by the original Mothers Of Invention...
Lenny Kravitz was my first concert ever
I think a lot has been written about the compressed sound
'Murmur'
THIS IS NO DIFFRENT. THERE IS EVERYTHING IN THE CD
the songs are as jarring or as pleasant as the samples suggest according to your own taste
Jon Bon Jovi is still rocking since the 1980s
Don't be too quick to judge an album if...
what an awesome melodic death doomy metal album
Zooropa is a good stuff
Great album that captures christmas at its best
A shame too, because he is a gifted interpreter
Strange Brew and the live Crossroads by Cream
The very best of Def Leppard
Rush's fifth album (and first of now eight live albums overall as of November of 2011)
probably my favorite kiss album
Fear Factory is one of my all-time favorite bands
great band, super songs
The smartest career move KISS ever made
Low (originally titled New Music - Night And Day) represented probably the most radical change of colour that...
This was the song that showed straight away that Kiss could come up with some amazing stuff
Love this record!
A world class cast and first rate digital recording of a complete opera (2CD's)
I purchased this for one track
This is without a doubt one of the best scores out there, plain and simple
A HUGE FAN OF STEVIE WONDER!
I'm glad that I went ahead
The real Def Leppard please stand up?
Great album!
Best Bowie album ever
the best songs on this soundtrack are all of them
PULSE by Pink Floyd
Awaken The Guardian, like just about everyone else
I'm Only the Piano Player
Best songs on here are Radioactive, Living In Sin
Very original and surely a classic!
Still Waters is the best record of the post-disco era
...to this album!
Great loud distorted guitar throughout
The Moody Blues returned in 1978 with "Octave"
One of the best Live albums of all time I like my RUSH
The end of U2's experimental trilogy that began with ACHTUNG BABY and ZOOROPA
Fish Rising is a continuation of the musical format presented on You
Rush live is better than most bands
One of the best Beatles covers by Motown
"Blackout" (1982) #10
I don't think the dance music here is very genius
The sound is full, rich and dynamic
A great example of raucous music
It's U2. What's not to like?
I still love that record
This is kind of re-release a buyer like myself wants to see
Best Unplugged album ever made
"Elton John" is a good, but not great Elton John album
'Live in Sydney'
Survivor
This album spawned a lot of hits
"Lodger" was a journeyman effort
A classic vinyl for everyone's collection
Great album, lots of memories
Punk and Metal were two styles that were still emerging from their rock roots...
This is a must buy for any fan of Rock
one of the best bands of our time
This was the beginning of the end of a once great band
Greatest Hits
James Levine is a hugely under-rated Mahlerian
"In the event of something happening to me..."
This is the only non-Eagles Henly work I own
MIDDLE OF NOWHERE is where this CD ought to be
Best Rock 'n' Roll Album
A must have for any MJ collector. Rest in Peace
The "dark" theme is present in every track
So glad I bought this
What a marvelous sound! What a marvelous voice!
Grateful Dead
What a great CD!
This album holds a chapter in the Coming of My Age
Good riddance
Rush's first chapter is always interesting to me
R.I.P. Eric Carr!! Awesome dvd
The Stones were a great band when they made this album
This is a very interesting recording of DON CARLO
Awesome!! Fantastic!! Amazon is like a Xmas Wonderland!!
Sam Cooke sang with the "Soul Stirrers"
The Wanderer, with Johnny Cash
My favorite Bowie album
Disc 1 contains some of Barry White's biggest hits and best album tracks from the first 19 years
Power Windows. Hold Your Fire
This is only a seven-song EP
It was the first Rush album I ever bought
A treasure trove of rare Monroe performances
Great quality in the production of this material
Rush presents songs that reflect the concerns and issues of the time
It's hard to believe that I've owned this CD for almost a decade
I forgot about this cd
One of the best choruses ever in any song
Great album/CD
this is one of their better 80's releases
NOT REMASTERED
This is music that makes you feel good and is light hearted
Her Italian is fabulous sends your emotions soaring
I love the sound of The Edge's echoing guitar chords
amazing how time pass by I was 16 when flashdance took the movie industry by storm
Great production of Webber's piece
This is the perfect soundtrack for a blues (or any other type) party
The Platters did not exist beyond 1961
It's phenomenal! It's phenomenal
Scream is a haunting instrumental number, with Siouxsie and company vocalizing...
The JOUSHUA TREE
The first 5 tracks are a trip
Not so technical, an improvement over the last 2 it's still pretty damn good
What a great album!
All their early hits were here
KISS Destroyer is one of the most famous albums of all time
sound musicianship
Love the Stones!
Great tribal music for the most part from the show
A bit cynical to suggest that a band at the time so...
The first feature of the album that one notices is the superb cover art...
This is a reflection of each of our record collections
VERY disappointed in the sound of this CD remaster
I don't understand music industry
Scorpions' favorite tune
"City to City" is one of the best albums of the 1970s
One of the best discs I have ever heard
Loreena McKennitt
Elton John: Greatest Hits 1970 - 2002
Unreleased for years
Great songs I had lost
This was a classic on the level of "Rumours" or "Nevermind"
Not typical KISS......but what is typical KISS
U2 is one of the best bands of all time
I love the CD...
This isn't it. Not a STP record either
the song Lou Easy Ann is a classic...
This is probably their best song on the whole damn CD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A truly beautiful song
It is better than Undercover
One of the greatest blues records by an underrated guitarist
cd shows the creativity of Rick James
George Michael vs the rest of the rest
It seemed like this album was everywhere following the death of Kurt Cobain
I am a Rush fan and I like all of their albums
this whole album tells a story,its amazing the best songs are,(my favorites)
Sound Affects is not my personal favorite but clearly has good taste in his own music
Manowar has stayed true to themselves never sold out and stood...
It was sad to see them in concert without Ray
A must for music lovers
Best debut album from any artist, ever
The production is outdated and some of the songs don't hold up
Everything worth listening to from this band
This VHS another original documentary
This is dumb. And I like...
Too bad this collection omits the best and most sexual song...
Yoko's wedding album couldn't possibly BE more worthless
Rock is better if its not fun
It's a great album to listen to
I enjoy this album
Interesting film in that it recycles one of the oldest plots in the book
This is a awesome soundtrack
This DVD is only for collectors of ABBA
This is Tom Waits' most original album by far
No evidence of remastering sonically
I prefer the cd sound on this one
All great Queen tunes
It became their first top forty album and their second to go gold
I'm one of the biggest Sabbath fans ever
Melancholy yet inspiring
SECURITY is one of Gabriel's finest works
ICP has been able to since its inception
Good album but unremarkable
Rush's 'golden era' from 1977-1981
BLUES BEING THEIR MOST TRANSPORTING.
In Sides is a good Orbital album
"Talking Book" is my first proper Stevie Wonder album
Quality is superb, entertainment phenomenal
this is the pinnacle of movie music that can also be used...
I think that maybe a fresh perspective on the work here might be interesting to people...
Excellent compilation of GP's songs
The Mission: Original Soundtrack From the Motion Picture
MURMUR is one of the most unique albums in the canon' of rock music
This is my favorite album of theirs
a great album
a little late writing this review but after reading...
One of the greatest bluegrass recordings of one of the greatest bluegrass bands ever assembled
Best live record ever recorded
It's the third best selling rock CD in the nation
It lacks the innovation and freshness of&nbsp;
this is another one of those early 90's grunge bands that i will miss
I-I's great sounds and adding them to the magic of Borodin
This CD remains an important title in Isaac's discography
"Nonesuch"
Love this comilation
It's great!
Good live uncut early performance which really cooks
"Down by the Tabernacle"
I think it contains some of the Stones best work in years
Yngwie Malmsteen is one of myriad albums to own
PERFECT introduction to the band
Good old days, but not great
WATCH THIS MOVIE AT LEAST 20 TIMES
A low point in the band's career
I find Zooropa to be one of...
Royal Scots Dragoon Guards (Carabiniers & Greys)
This is a hard working, very into-their-music band
A great way to learn Gaelic, and the lyrics are a message of hope
Truely sensational!
John Klemmer's mellow grooves
Not much of hits package here, 3 songs from ASIA
CATCHY PROG WITH UNREAL DRUMMING
Pretty satisfying.
I really dug this record
This is a stunning document of electronic music when at it's best
I've never met a real Bon Jovi fan
I enjoyed two or three of the tracks
Great album.
This is just the kind of release that should've become huge
I wish I would have borrowed it from him first
I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw this album on CD...
What a thrust, what an injection to start off a long and great career
it always fits. rain or shine
One of their best albums
THOSE WERE THE DAY
The only choice I even might quibble about is the last track
This CD is as objective as can be
Great SAC disc
Great remixes
I'm a Mother of 4 children 2 Teenagers,2 Tweens
The best album by Peter Gabriel
a great replacement for a record that was owned years ago
A great album overall
A Death Metal classic
Love this cd
One of the greatest albums in recorded history
THIS ALBUM IS VERY GOOD
A very beautiful album that features some of the Moodies' spaciest sounding music ever
A STORM IN HEAVEN
A family gathering for a joyful Christmas holiday
Elton and Bernie would hit their stride
one of my favorite motown artists
"Music From the Elder" is a concept album
One of my favorite christmas albums
This is KISS at their best
A nice version of Sarah Smile...
Rock 'n Roll Over
great tribute
This is not my favorite album that Rush has ever done
This DVD is identical to the original release of DOAD in 1995
Tears For Fears is my favorite group
This is my favorite Paula album
This is NOT Jonathan Butlers 1st Album
Good video for those who enjoy Styx
Among those of us whose hobby it is to gather together hit singles from among the...
the best songs on this soundtrack are all of them
Pat Metheny's "Third Wind"
Stevie Wonder Motown
One of the best video shows ever
I have always liked the Teena Marie songs that pop up on the radio
New World Man is the sound of Rush getting the Popreggaelite filth
one of my favorite bands of all time
Dish and case were in stated condition upon arrival
The first 5 songs are Awesome!!
This is the only Tool album that I own
The Bleeding is impressive
The Wanderer is a must-have
I'm finding more and more reissues have problems like this
Love it!
it came more well intact than the others
In some ways this is similar to "Nebraska"
The biggest puddle of crap I have ever listened to
Great performance by a band which helped to define and shape 1960's music
Rush never got their magic back
I decided to make my own greatest hits cd
This is pretty good stuff...
LIZZY are an often overlooked band that...
I'm glad that some little boys continued with their lessons
"EYES OF A CHILD"
A soft sassy little number with gentle sophisticated undertones
The Last Starfighter
'70s Clapton at his best
This middle album is: "the most musical of the three"
the sound board musicianship has gotten hard to digest with the current products...
I really do like this song
Awesome concert
very good quality, price & delivery
Great CD that brings you back to another time in music
A preview for the next album which is...
Good album, good album
The Rolling Stones are a great
Beyonce was born to be Deena
In the mid-90's Steve Albini made a triumphant return with Shellac...
Don't waste your money...
Slash has been way-more-creative structuring songs
I'm sure the guys from the band keeps laughing...
Soulful, but thought provoking
Trumpeter E.Eklund plays works from the baroque...
This is Leon's debut solo album
Not a knockout upon release now 10+ years later
This was one of my favorite groups..
Classic Albert King
Elton and Taupin return here with a completely different type of album
The Funk Essentials label put out some of the most well- recorded and well...
Wonderful collection of music
I felt the emotional side of Kurt's creativity on their previous efforts
The Mary Jane Girls
"Live In Australia" is one of Elton's best performances
this follow-up is nothing but tight! Wise Intelligent
great works by a great beatle
LITTLE DRUMMER BOY
Fugazi deserve credit and recognition for their politics and sense of ethics
Statesboro Blues is just a tune you never get tired of
Very simplistic and redundant
That's 105 stars
I loved the conan movies
It's definitely not for Gershwin purists
they deserve to be in the hall of fame now
Very fine Cd from early Elton John
It is very evil no matter what anyone says
I enjoyed the original album tracks much more
Best R&B album of the 90's
U2's older stuff
I bought it for one song
Cocker serves us his most popular hits
The Village People of Hard Rock
The best cc album and one of my favorites
great fire and "love on a farm boy's" nothwithstanding
Great artists and fun to watch
I like music as much as the movie
What a streak for the Rolling Stones
The Indescribable Wow
Some well-known favorites...
This CD is almost as good as...
Elton John quien es uno de los mas prolificos...
Lovefool and Been It
This is undoubtedly the greatest bargain I've ever come across in...
The Best Electronic Music Album of All Time
Brings back memories
Another must for you collection
My first Bill Hicks experience was with ARIZONA BAY
Very, very good rock music.
I LOVED that big, southwest sound
Duanne raised his playing.
great song. what can you say
I just listened to this for the first time in many years
Great collection on vinyl and even better on cd
You'll agree with me
Wonderful video of a band that had tremendous potential, but never made it
This is hauntingly beautiful...
This is a nice edition of this landmark lp
The Transformed Man is brilliant - brilliant
The origins of "Alive II" go back to early 1977
"Still Waters" closed out the Century
My favorite track on the album is "When"
David got a recording contract partly because of his success
The KING of Honky Tonk
Great harmonies and perfect blending
Survivor had a huge hit with "Eye Of The Tiger"
These old 50 movie tunes are not easy to get
The only really great rapper of all time!
As Janet Jacksons' darkest album, this one could easily be called a sombre masterpiece'
Peter Murphy's best all-around work
This is a solid rock record from start to finish
BOWIE IS A ALIEN
I was only too happy to preview Hemispheres
One of the best albums of the 90's
It's just as good as 'Shine Eyed Mister Zen'
I just love it thanks
Smooth groove. Mr. Magic
I think this is a good opportunity to write a better review for this extremely overrated and awful album...
A shame that these guys had to disband some 21 years ago (1988)
This is a can't miss purchase
You don't believe in space aliens
Good title for the general fan
Absolutely awesome!
"What's Going On" surveyed an era's social and political issues...
So many reviews of The Moody Blues albums all over the web
Vivacious, intelligent stage presence; excellent musical taste
One of the best albums of all time
Todo seguidor del buen rock arte debe haber escuchado o tener algun disc
Love this album!
this is great for any library
Night Ride Home is a nice collection of solid back to basic guitar songs
This was always my favorite Rush album growing up and it definitely...
I like this album though it is truly bizarre
BEST SLAYER SONG EVER!!!!!
The Misfits, at least when fronted by Danzig
Slash has talent but bad judgement and poor taste in guitar music
Chaos is what you get when you listen to this cd
I find them to largely be formulaic and boring after a while
Bolan was supposed to be short of ideas when he made this album
Good Paul solo work, with a lot of contribution from Linda
I loved and love The Beatles
She WAS Norma Desmond in the musical version
This is a great soundtrack
David Bowie has become my third favorite recording artist
This is a masterwork
The fit is good and they adhere to the screen really well
It wasn't dropped or anything
Does not work and it's a waste of money
I bought these and never used them so I can...
I ordered 2 of these, they arrived and one would not charge
Great deal on these batteries
Best case I've ever had
Looks nice
Best part of this charger?
Can't be happier with this cable
This Defender seems to offer shock and water protection
a decent phone for the price
Not worth the money
I'm generally happy with it
They work and are a lot less expensive than many you see sold...
I was skeptical whether a passive antenna may work
Best Bluetooth headset I've ever used
for my sons razr
Good price still in use
They are a joke
Really nice!
Great case for the Galaxy S2
Best protection you can get for your iPhone
Its cheap for a reason
These work great! They're extremely sturdy but bendable
Brightens the screen dramatically
Very good to the env3.
Great for your ear canal!
Good case with lots of extra room for credit cards, cash or business cards
It is very convenient to take care of the iPod
Very attractive price
Good case for the first month about
Piece of crap!!
The plastic back also is not perfect
LOVE THESE SCREEN PROTECTORS
a great purchase. It is easy to apply and when...
Nice phone with a great tiny camera
Good case despite its few setbacks
The Good: The phone is fast, responsive and plenty of apps out there...
Very attractive design with stunning screen viewable outside even with the brightness set on low
I have one of these that I purchased here on Amazon back in 2012...
I'm no Sherlock
Decent but the precut holes are not exact
Great replacements
Good for my boyfriend who does not wish to have internet on his phone
nice accessory to your cellphone
I purchased this item for my teenage daughter
veryyyy pleased!!
Great for a TV stand
This was a lovely purchase
BB 8900 skin fits perfectly
I should be okay with the phone itself of this model
Very happy with my purchase.
Visually Impaired
I lost my first one and had to order another one to replace it
I love this product
Good case for rhinestones
It has all the Samsung markings on it
Great screen protectors
Flimsy, weak magnet
This is just what I needed to fix my wife's phone
Best in-ear bluetooth headset I've found so far
Awesome, stays in place amazingly well
Charges incredibly slow
I am wondering if...
Good, working accessories
Not top of the line
Power draw is pretty poor.... Had 2 ipads plugged in...
I love the mirror screen protector
Works but it's a little shaky on the dash and does not...
Great PixelSkin for iPhone 4s
I love this little accessory
Good screen protector. I have ordered some from other sellers and I do not like them because they don't...
Works well. The USB plug is slightly blocked by this cover
Works great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Works great.
Cables did not work at all
I think this is an older version of charger
Well, it does the job to hear music with average quality
Very satisfied with the item
very good product is just what I expected for the price we paid
Best earpiece I ever had
Love this case however when I got it the green was...
It fits my Motorola Razr Maxx HD nicely
Cheap plastic cover.
My phone the LG G3 does not fit where the phone should fit
Zune gear bag for my husband
JUST WHAT I WANTED!
I did follow the instructions and placed the ring inside BUT it still didn't fit
Great build quality
Great case/holster
works but take too long to charge
I love it so much I'm purchasing...
I bought this one because i miss the old slim fones and bored of the big...
Love it, very affordable and very convenient
One of the best customer service experiences ever
Good sound. Love the on board controls
STRENGTHS: Simple design and setup
It works VERY well with my iPhone 4S
The screen protectors are far from the worst I've tried
Good case but not the best
a high end model featuring the most fantastic features of a bluetooth device
This little guy has saved my bacon on more than a few occasions
Not for the poor reception and poor build quality
I love this mirror case protector
I love this charger, it charges both the phone...
It's cute but no protection at all
Doesn't connect to FM radio
Great buy for what i needed it for...but does NOT amplify meaningfully...at least not to this reviewer
Worked for me
It's totally useless, failing its orimary mission
I was very skeptical despite the positive reviews...
Chargers are chargers
Very mixed reviews of the 650
a pretty nice case
It is light weight and very well made.
Not the fastest Android phone out there
Freakin' TWITTER won't run on this thing
The JB is hit or miss concerning quality
I am not an audiophile at all
Good secure holder for Nokia 6350
Really good heart monitor strap
This one is an excellent choice because it fastens well
Worked well for 2 months then cracked from normal usage
great phone! He loved the color and loves that he can...
Call quality is not clear and I tried to use...
Razr covers/holders
Very strong and absolutely waterproof box
great price my battery would die when i would do anything...
It's getting loose and stretches the slot
This case is very durable
perfect for me can charge my ipod,phone
Not a big deal for me!
Great TPU case and fits the phone very well
This is an immensely creative and well-built product
... but I use it for work...
Very sturdy case and protects the phone very well
Cool texture
Great Q2 headset
I guess I should explain what I mean by it broke
Exact replacement for home alarm system
Vendor cancelled order and refunded money
No frills, simple to connect and use
This case is very nice and pretty
GSM Quad band phone is nicely sized and easy to use
Great quality screen protection 4. Anti glare to an extend
Awesome product if ur into crafting
The S9-HD sound great, and are easy to set up and use
I t a l m o s t the s a m e b u t
Battery what else can I say
I bought this case fits perfectly with the phone
the charm itself is sturdily made and absolutely adorable
Very good value.
These are always consistent and very good quality
Very nice blue tooth
It's the best phone I have ever used
very nice headset until I lost it
Not happy with the White I phone 3gs
Very nice case
great for privacy but horrible when in broad daylight
The reason to get this headset is comfort
So it must be good
This thing is the bomb. Setup takes about 5 minutes
I like the blue LED, but not superb.
solid, useful and adjustable
Motorola H720 Bluetooth Headset
el paquete a tiempo comtestaron mis preguntas sin ningun problema...
Great deal, Great price, fast shipping
Better looking in person than in photos
Works well, my husband loves this model and...
I bought the same kind...
Difficult to put on
Combined touch screen and full slide-out keyboard
Good cover to replace a cover
The fit was ok, but was easy to remove...
Good case for PSP 3000
very good I love it
So comfortable I don't even know I'm wearing them
Great price, sounded good
Great phone with built in voice dial
Fits the iphone4, but the band plus phone is rather bulky
One of the most worthless items I've ever had
I'm addicted to this color
This dock will be a great dock
Not compatable with iPhone 5s
The Raspberry Pi is not a ready-to-go computer
a fair job of cutting a regular sim to micro sim size
I've tried a variety of bluetooths (samsung,...
I have just now taken it off
not recommended.
The price is right but you get what you pay for
Jawbone has delivered excellent products for some time
This is the ONLY non-Apple cable I've found that works with the Lifeproof case for the 4s
Works great & fits in any bag or purse
Would not recommend this unit for anything
The best and most comfortable period!
cheap but it degraded the image quality of the iPhone so much that I decide...
I am 5 foot 10 and I weigh 160 lbs
These styluses aren't high-quality by any means
It took a lot of abuse
div id="video-block-R2BLY02GJQTRC6" class="a-section a-
It worked, but I sure wish there was a better product
I really liked these little cases because of the low price
Cut a few cards with this cutter now
Quite surprisingly, call quality was very good
This worked fantastic for about 8 months but now it has been beeping and won't seem to...
You NEED to have your phone on you, but you know it's about to die
Did not stick perfectly how i...
First, I would buy more from OEM
This is my second New Trent external battery
You are better off without it
Works great except in the dark
I'm glad you asked, did you rate it only four out of five stars?
Good product for the price I bought it at
Great color scheme
This is a clear pink
Not suitable for use in an SUV of other big vehicles
I have been using Tracfone for over 8 years...
Great charger for iPad and iPhone
Love this case.
The LG VU is trying to be something great
No audio on phone when connected to Dock
I'm using this for an HTC Thunderbolt (uncased)
Good design for thin GPS and smart pone
Had a V1 and upgraded to the Q2 but unlike the V1...
Nokia C5-03 Unlocked GSM Phone with 5 MP Camera and Ovi Maps...
This headset does not cancel outside sound
i loved this phone the only downfall is the memory
This would get a 5 and be perfect if...
Excellent rubber case for the price
poor quality and slow delivery i was very unhappy with the product
The chargers work fine and I especially like the USB charger
It's a pretty good phone, with a few minor flaws
This one is much less bulky than the Defender series, which is nice
good sound quality but still a decent headset
AWAY DOES NOT WORK
Good for the intended purpose (superb protection)
The overall appearance is nice
Great fit, great design, ultimate protection Cons
I bought with the belief that the clip with the 3M...
It fits perfectly, nice and tight
It's not an excellent phone and it's not an excellent PDA
Not a good quality set but it worked
This case was a disappointment
It's not a smartphone, but not just a messaging phone
I wasted one trying to do it right
I really can't argue
I later bought another case which worked a lot better
This is a great base station!
i got this for my sister..she needed a phone cover...
I Do not recommend, Screen to small for GPS use
It's cute and looks just like the pic
Good fit but the material is sturdy
Good case.
Excellent Battery, been using it on a Vibrant for a month and...
I love Android OS phones but not in a rush to get one
Very comfortable on my ear
Great price build is OK
They break every few months...cannot expect to last much longer
It's light and slim and fits nicely in my briefcase
Good news so far
It works twice as good as motorola ones
I like that this cover is slim and allows me to...
I fully recommend it if you can
This phone case has absolutely saved my iPhone
Very protective, but hubby hated the bubbles that...
Not what I expected.
This seller is great, we have two older...
Nice protective black case that will quickly change colors...
Not sure if a review is necessary
They are light and not bulky
Great find, small decently made and shipped MUCH faster than they claimed
Good pouch, with a soft protective surface for my iPhone
Great value for money
I love this IMP52D
We love the case as it does...
Best Bluetooth earpiece for 3 reasons
Love the look and the voice quality
it's a no-brainer
Sony Ericsson Hi-Fi Bluetooth Headset with FM Radio
Great idea and works well occasionally
Good for BlackBerry 8100
I LOVE this phone
they always look great on any pda device
It does all the things I expect it to do
Not perfect but for 10 bucks what the heck
I like this product sometime its freeze
It makes my phone more bulky but its incredibly slim
Better than a non protected phone
Worked as advertised
VERY BAD MATERIAL
It's a little difficult to get the phone in and out because it's such a tight fit
I liked it a lot but it was...
I did not expect this product to jus be a slip on case
Great mount.
I tried to mount these in my 2003 Dodge Ram
Very quick to install well built
It works perfectly fine with my Evo
Very well made.
What attracted me to this particular headset was the brand
Simple and featureless phone
This is the second Bluetooth headset I have had...
I don't know how common this is
works well with the iPhone 4 sounds clear...
I loved this case from the minute I opened it due...
So much for it being a charger
Good choice for KIA
I didn't like it at all
Very nice case!
Not many accesoires for this phone
I was happy on the arrival of this case for my phone
I don't know why the case that...
Best auto cell phone holder!
NoiseHush BT headset
Works fantastic! No over heating goes all day with no charge
ZAGG continues to be my favorites
This battery holds a charge as good or better than the original
Good product, not good on policy
a very well made cable
Sound quality is good on both ends of the line
I do not know how it is possible
Great for rental cars when you can't use a more permanent mounting solution
These are even better quality than what I was expecting
I bought it on the very same day I got my new iPhone 4
fits perfectly. easy access release button
Matte Finish! Just make sure you understand...
It fits the Droid X perfectly
It is extremely rigid and seems like it wouldn't be flexible
Very irriating and always slides off even when adjusted
Nothing to complain about at all
A friend recommended the Otter Box
I specifically search for these items according to my phone carrier
Comfort wise I had no issues
What a concept. Charging 4 USB devices...
HTC One Glacial (M7)This is the AT&T version 32Gig
i bought the phone for my son
Overall a great looking case
I've had it for about 7 months I dropped it on the ground last week
I use it on my windshield
Very nice product, but cracked on one of the corners
Love it. Looks good and is real leather
Works great! I had previously bought the i2 Gear and this was...
Still works after one year
The plugs are as represented
Great fit case for iPhone 4S black
I really don't have any complaints
Too bad because it's a well made product
Very thin metal case
great seal, no defects, great product
The smoothest cover on board
I'm going to highly suggest that you use a seller based out of the US
Works fine, it does sync to music
I hate bluetooth headsets
Easy to install
It still works good
The only 2 * on this phone...
Perfect for Palm Pre phone
Great value for money
Not a big deal
i was able to stick it on properly
I bought this unit to test out the iphone 3g's compatibility
Lightweight, Matte Black look, and doesn't make the phone feel heavier
Good cassette adapter
It measures the amp draw from your device
I've been a plantronics girl for several years
Great case.
I am so glad I own this product
Good charger for the first few months
good product but i ordered the otterbox defender...
I have to disconnect and reconnect each time I use it
Great price!
I would like to say that this is not cheap junk
Excellent phone.
Would buy again
Body armor is a phone saver
This charger works well
Excellent Phone Holster!
It just loves to peel your screen protector off the corners of the phone
I never really got into this
This is my second one
Love this one!
I like the style of the phone and the fact that...
Works great for a single office but I doubt you'll be satisified for...
Beautifully grippy
Great screen protectors!
Great Case for Droid Incredible
Very sparkly
If you are one of these mentally diseased individuals, why...
Looks like something that came off a 3D printer
I am glade I looked up this battery on amazon
Great for the rugby at first
Good pouch for iPhone 4/4s
The price is right... at under $1
The product arrived promptly, and is the quality I expected
Imperfect solution
i like how clear it is, but i feel like...
It's the best I've ever had
I've enjoyed these for well over a year with frequent use...
It's not well designed and is a little bulky
Worked great for the iphone
Beautiful bra
No complaints on the items that I received
My second of this watch
Love the strap adjustments in the front
Quality garment
Great clutch
i got these for...
Love them everytime
They run small, but they are still comfortable
Very nice cotton leg openings
now that she is a bit older...
Carhart T-Shirts
Great for chubby little toddler feet!
Great size chart
Good for walking long distances
Great fit but narrow
Not true Converse shoes
This bra is so comfortable on, I forget I am wearing one.
There great!
Just like this as a casual shoe
Best thing I ever did
My standard hose
Love them!
Very nice. Repaced battery
Great shoe but a hundred times too large
Great neck and nasal protection in cold weather
Great fit, a little extra room for warm clothes...
I prefer the low tops
Great for summer shoes!
10 month infants but they are clearly a 10 toddler
A bit stiff at first but they're breaking in nicely
just needed the watch itself. band too short for my wrist
Best sandals I've ever owned
"Stunning", an overstatement
Comfortable, ergonomic, and sustainable
great work pants, don't snag
Good fit
Keen sandals
I like my ASICS
I had hoped it would be
The shoes came in perfect quality
These pants are great!
Stylish enough to wear out but still functional for work
The finest casual socks I have ever bought
Love the color though
A strong solid sandal
I hate my boobs touching each other
This shirt fits quite well
Poor quality control!
These shoes are more comfortable than my sneakers
I like the style,fit, feel and quality in most respects
Run true to size
I wish I'd read the other reviews and gone a size down
The price was terrific and I really love how they look and give support
These bras were comfortable for sleeping
a nice costume
Terrific
Good for my 70yr dad
Good size design.
Awesome!
The Lancelot is the latest I've added to my collection
I have a 2xl carhart and the one I...
Awesome. This is my second...
I love the shoes
Bought a second pair.
I like the color design on this item
a staple in my closet
I love Indiglo.
Cute little socks
Nice boots
Very true to size though
My daughter is wearing the shoes aniway
A very comfortable pair of shoes
Warm, waterproof, windproof and large enough to move around
Love these shirts
Upset came cut on side dirty because I dropped them...
Excellent fit!!! So comfortable!
This top is a nice material and hid imperfections
I Love these Carhartt shirts
a size 10 in the converse
Great jacket!
Keen shoes always fit me well
Great shoe
Great bang for buck
The center where the underwire meets bulges out enough when...
Glue for a shoe worthy?
Fantastic deal.
This is a GREAT bra
I'm looking for...
very comfortable!!!
Love the product and the look.
Just what I expected
they fit really good and...
Love them. Great summer shoe
Great item for my husband
Converse Chucks
Darker than I anticipated
Very comfortable, fit just right
My daughter loves reading the time
I'm so shocked that I'm stuck with his piece of crap
Very light weight and great for traveling
This fit as expected and are more durable than the...
Great watch.
He looks adorable
Love this watch
These shoes are very comfortable
Warm but very stiff
Great treds
Great for my granddaughter
Not expensive and easy to use
You need to be careful with color denim
Loves the coat
THANKS!
Great all-around, multi-purpose shoes!
Fits well, is very supportive while running and other exercise
Pinkobsessed daughter loves this watch
great pair of shoes
Perfect for anyone who doesn't like bikini or high-rise panties
The Henley
Not Chanel but who really cares for around 40 bucks
It looks quite formidable--just like the pics, but au contraire
Very flattering for sports bras
I buy a new pair of these every year
I love the light texture
They did not work for Bali
This fit is the one from "Omar...
Very nice and elegant watch
Very Pleased!
I ordered an 11D and it is slightly tight
These are simply adorable! I ordered the size 4 for my soon to be...
Great quality, however the size runs very small
Perfect for my toddler grandchildren
It fits my 16 month old who is tall and thin
I have a long and narrow foot, and in the other pairs of Merrell trail running shoes and...
Not very impressed especially since these were needed in a hurry
Perfect shoes for work but I wouldn't wear them out
A great summer shoe for guys
Love this bra! Fits great
7 in boots is my normal size
These were $70 and shipped free
Reef Slap sandals
I have large breasts, larger than some but not the largest
I have been wearing Chuck Taylors for as along as I can remember
I'm happy and they fit perfect
a little smaller from my previous expedition watch and without...
Great pair of bibs
love love this watch we had it for a while and we still love it
I like the Spanx
he loves it though
These came with two small damages on the shoe
Been wearing Levi's my whole life
the fit was just as I expected
This is my second purchase
Looks great! Would buy again
I love my converse
Very nice costume
I am 6' tall and about 290
My Problem with this bag
It's just shoelaces and I should get over it
They already had runs when I removed them from the packaging
LOGGER PANT
My first pair finally fell apart after...
Not thin and flimsy
Great jacket. very warm
They're pretty perfect for my cosplay
The band is not black
Very warm while working outside
I'm no small man 6ft tall 345lbs 56" chest and 44" waist
517s
They run really big
They are so comfortable and smoothing
XL fits like XXL
GREAT
thin, but does provide an extra layer and comfortable under clothing
Love Wrangler jeans!
Love them. My daughter is size 12.
I loved the appearance of the watch
my wife loved it! she wears a 7.5 in womens and...
Good color, great fit
thank you David
This was my first pair of converse
It fits a little larger than some brands
Good for my grandson
Nice stockings but with good control
Great would buy again
VERY UNCOMFORTABE FOR LONG PERIODS THE ELASTIC BITES
Great fit and durability
Good overall.
I LOVE these bras
Survivor for years
Great watch for construction workers. Can't beat the price
Look different than ones in...
It's attractive and lightweight with a good leather band
not superb but I also prefer shoes with foam insoles because of my job
Great, silky thigh highs...
The pink shoe is perfect
Classic Converse
Good shoe for my son to grow in
Nice fit, very soft
Great bras
Vintage like design.
Excellent!
Love this shoe
Navy blue is a true navy blue
Carhartt clothing
I like having all the numbers on it
Bass foesn't make the same brand anymore
I am very disappointed in the quality
Love it!
First pair graced my feet
Converses run large, and my boyfriend informed me of that
The material is a bit'stiff'
i could not be happier,thank you Carhartt
Really cute costume
Very comfortable shoes
I live in these things all winter
This is a bag
Great gown with collar
This silk top is just the ticket
nice watch,and it changes colors
I love my shoes
fits, comfortable
My granddaughter loves them
so reason for 4, not 5 star is that the long strap makes it more...
Nice and soft.
Fits well, looks good
We love our "Chucks"
Love these shoes!
I bought this brand
It looks like Incredible Hulk scrunched the shoes...
Excellent quality & warmth
Works really well.
It ended up being a tad bit smaller than I expected but...
The shoes suited my needs until I received them
Well,this's it
These pantyhose look great but after a few washes...
i am editing my product from 5 star to only 3 stars
I am a B width in a normal shoe and did not find these too wide
Definitely a cheap item to get you through Halloween
too tight around the thighs
I love them
I really like them a lot
I like the side access
Love-love-love these shoes
I can't find half sizes in stores
Carhartt the name says it all
Not the fanciest
Great costume for the price
Will never wear anything else!
Very disappointing for a Timex product
Well made, looks very stylish
Good fit, good quality, everything you expect in a good pair of Levi's
THESE BRAS ARE SOFT, NO PADDING...
Yes, i realized they were boot cut
Great shorts
Great gift for my husband.
I would have loved them and wear them everyday...
I like these pants because they are relatively unique
Good shoe for all day wear
It fits well, he is six-four
Carhartt has great clothing!!!
always reliable!
I would recommend this shirt
These shoes are fantastic
I didn't get any cleavage from this either
The Jeans were shipped on time and fit very well
I'm a little disappointed
Very nice and really well made
I am an 8 US women
They last and wear well
Love the shorts, an old classic
Ordered what I thought was a womens 7
Extremely fast ship... item just as in photos
Only loses a star because...
The price was right too
Perfect for our need and never needed a new battery
he liked them
He loves 'em
They look nice but don't fit
Very happy on Christmas morning!
I was so surprised when...
Fit in the waist
well my daughter loves them
Good jacket. Not as 'lined' as I was hoping
Classic Converse
Carhartt never disappoints
Great Shirt
Easy to get from Amazon
If you have wide feet
I am very pleased with my new Buxton wallet
Good weight, good price
It would be nice if I can get an option of size 32 by 31 in length
I used this deer hunting since I have...
Very good shirt,have been wearing...
I have worn these for years...
Great product for silver jewelry
The boys were stoked to skip dress shoes
The quality is high...
Comfortable shoes
My feet just kill me
Good for a night bra to sleep in
I'd like to have these in similar length but...
I have been trying to improve the storage in my master bedroom
NOW it is basically trash
Pretty sporty and fit perfect
OK. Not like the old heavy cotton ones
My son loves these
I was definitely underwhelmed with this top
Great cincher!
I love these sneakers. Converses are known to run...
Great shirt but very boxy
Towards the ankle they are almost baggy
I like this jeans but they are smaller...
What else need I say!
Love the cedar smell!
Good quality wallet that affords excellent value for the price
Cute. Functional, Comfortable
Very luxurious.
Not sure what to replace with
Carhartt T-shirts are made to last
IT WAS CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR MY DAUGHTER
Just retired all my frazzled hanes
Designed with enough room for your toes
No dirt on it at all
Very soft and warm!
I don't recommend this watch
I can safely carry my phone, car key and lip balm
Kswiss
He works outside in this cold
It's light and soft
You can do this more easily than I can.
Turtle Fur neck gait
Skagen is cleanly elegant
i love the color
Loved the boot but it was too loose in the heel
Love the look of this sneaker! We have owned this brand before and this style
Great Chucks
I'm giving it a 4 star
Love these shorts
I'm so glad I got these!
Good colors and material
I bought this with the assumption it would be big just like the one at Davids bridal
Love Maidenform
These look very lovely with dresses, and feel great
The weight is the only negative for this one
Love the design and wears it
I have multiples and love them
Works great with my own orthotics
Best fitting jeans I've bought...
Was glad to find some again
I would recommend this watch.
I have worn this flower Bali bra for about 25 years
the fit was a bit small
Not what I ordered at all but
I like the look of these hose, but they run very easily
They are a little heavy but...
The only problem with ordering online is that you cannot feel the material
It looked great as i put it on but...
Always love Chuck Taylors
I'm a repeat Merrell buyer and...
Dickies Men's Shorts
The date stopped working on about day 5
8.5 fits more like an 8.
Go Tigers!!
nice shoe, fits well
I wear a 36 D
Very small
Merrell's best product
All the other pairs I got which were all 34 waist fit me fine but...
The waist was way too small
Love the purple color and size
Love these hoses!
The color began to fade. Bits well
Love em
Fit as expected and my wife wear them frequently
Great pantyhose
Silver polishing cloth
The 32D Bali Flower Bra
Maidenform is always my go to bra
Fashionable high quality wear
Old School and loving it
I thought it'd be great for golf too, but it's not
I absolutely love love love these shoes
They're machine washable
Great gift for my father
I love these shoes
I ordered my regular size
Wonerful panties!
Good shoes. My nephew loves them
I am spoiled by this technology
They are very comfortable, easy to put on and completely waterproof
Carhartt products at the click of a button
Good quality watch band.
Stylish, comfy
Very comfortable and look better than the picture
I am extremely happy with my purchase
Can go wrong
I love this shoe
Quality is good.
This is my second bra from Wacoal
A great song and a timeless classic
A Single Man
Cotton Eye Joe
Love this song
i did not buy this so not sure why...
Great concert!
Nice guitar work in particular
Really great album. I enjoy it a lot
Love this song
Remarkable quality
I like it. i like it
Good beats, and good rhymes
A+ in my eyes
This soong it a must to have
Great early hit by INXS
This is definitely an R&B / Disco Classic
It's time it gives you chills
great country
I am still amazed at the small cost
I am so glad I ordered it, thank you
a classic to me and many of my friends from the era
Why aren't we, the body
One of the best songs...
love his music and I will be purchasing more in near...
It is still a strong performance
The Load Out and Stay
Love this late 70s song
When people ask me what style...
HAD DEPTH AND STRONG MEANING BUT GAVE LITTLE COMFORT TO THE LISTENER
a classic for a reason
Free Bird is our rendition of the STAR BANNER
Tumbling Tumbleweed
Always loved this song
This CD is fresh, sharp and packs a massive punch
Beautiful song to pay tribute
Mozart is more perfect than Beethoven because of his operas
It is very easy to sing along to
I love Jennifer Lopez
Love her to the max
Great song, beautiful couple great movie
I always loved this song
Great song. Great instrumentals
This song is what the producers used over the last few minutes of the series finale
A really great song
It's Prince
This one is no exception
Glorious!!
I lost interest after he went solo
Love Journey
What was the first side of this record was made stronger by virtue...
Really gets the blood pumping
WINNER at this price
Good beat and just different
I just don't like this
Coulton is King!
...exactly what I wanted
I simply love this song
I love it
The best comic going from what I've heard
Its Rufus and Chaka Khan
A bouncy
This rhythm continues through 1:14 when tempo become jumpy
A song to me that has feelings
Bluesy Rock Hit
This album is trash because there is no Jim Morrison...well hell, shallow people
Ozzy Osbourne is a great singer.
This entire album is catchy
Love this song
I'm glad it's finally here again!
This is a classic song from a...
I play Sarah and Andrea
Only the more mature will even remember this
It's still a good rendition of "Rudolph" though
great should be song when you propose
My youth was a magic carpet ride
This is the album you've been dreaming of...
I play it over and over.
Quality album from MJB
Music for my times-great memories
'Puff' is, of course, not a children's song, but...
Enjoy thinking about how good the ocean smells
for the price you can not beat this item you should try this item
Catchy! The other song I like a lot
Frankie Beverly and Maze
Love this simple tune of exquisite beauty
I have yet to download this product
Still one of the best songs ever
Brian McKnight is just a wonderful singer
Great song.
Good guitar, good vocals!
This was some useless version with...
Slow Train Comming is a true winner
Sugarhill Gang rap
I need to add to my musical repertoire
Nice recording and better than I remembered
I downloaded this song for my workout playlist
I have always loved this song
I love it
love this song
Play this for ladies on your date. Do as I say
Don't buy it.
"soft pop" is a standard
Classic Blues Disc redone
an oldie but goodie
Very nice song
Great sounding duet
Love this song!
Best version of Kris Kristofferson song
Beautiful ballad by Penridge and KISS
The Spice Girls "Wannabe" holds a special place in the hearts...
Life oriented song
I have always liked the song
Great old song
The late Amy Winehouse made such an important contribution to pop and rock musically internationally
Great classic album that I purchased in my younger years I get this album five stars
Not many lyrics but says a lot
serious? you are looking at reviews?
A great song!
Fun!
Teddy Pendergrass...and now Jaheim...the torch keeps passing!
It made my Workout playlist
It's great!
The Sweet Escape just stinks
I love Mary's easy delivery
Love this song for the words are straight...
A View to a Kill by Duran
Never Tear Us Apart is still a classic
I hate to admit
Excellent. Totally remastered
Clarity was perfect!
Don McLean does a wonderful job and how he describes everything
Love this song!
The good thing: It ONLY has Bob's best...
great cd run out and buy this!!
This is an excellent CD, the only issue I have with it...
I love this song
This song by Peter Frampton is just as memorable as any...
Workin' Day and Night
NGDB never fully lost its roots and is often credited with influencing the modern country-crossover movement
a very upbeat song that captures the fun spirit that it is to be female
Love this song
Tim McGraw
Kelly Clarkson is so talented
It's Nickelback's best rock song
Love their music and live shows
Love the tone and quality of this great voice
the women loves it o.k.
The lyrics are thoughtful and they stop in your tracks...
Love how easy it is to purchase and download music
The Supreme have made some beautiful recordings and this one...
Great song!!
Love this song
These women could sing and make you feel it
One of Eric Clapton's BEST SONGS!!!
You will not go wrong if you do the same
EVERY song is a winner!
Beautiful, performed by the composers.
Fun little song for children
One of my favorite songs
I always loved this song
"Fade Into You"
Feel Good Inc
Love this song.
A better version that does not have dialogue or applause in it
I like it because it is catchy and funny
I can listen to them all day and night
I would suggest that all TVD fans buy this song
The sound came through as if there was no mic
It is candy to my ears
Good quality audio.
This is my absolute favorite song
It's still powerful sound and lyrics
The Caribbean Blue song from Enya
Throwback jam
the ultimate Shakira song
Isleys have always been one of my favorite R & B groups
The key for me is she thinks crossing her legs is funny
Rare classic rock track realeased circa '79 or '80
Love this song.
It moves me like those old skool
Love this song
Love this song
This was probably my introduction to Mary Mary
Fear is unfortunately part of life
I first heard this bombastic song
I love the song RUN TO YOU
I like the classic Prince and was...
Absolutely my favorite
One of the finest blues records of all time
Billy Jean is an exception
Love this song
Great music.
This classic pop/rock song has been connected with the classic Dirty Dancing movie
It has a great fast beat
This is a beautiful song
I like the sound of this group
Definitely one of Marvin's best
"Think Of Laura" is another mellower than mellow
One of the classics of Kansas
It brings back many memories
My favorite!!!! Nothing like sitting...
This was one of my signature songs
RUDOLPH TV recording of song
I bought this song because I record myself playing videogames
SONGS LIKE THIS LIFT ME UP WHEN I AM SAD
MP3
Original artists can often be surpassed by cover artists especially when for a purpose
Good CD.
Love this song
My favorite Star Wars music
I have a feeling that following the disappointing reception of his debut album...
Remastered excellence!
This was free on Veterans Day
Love this song.
This song is one of his all-time greats
I am what you don't understand
I would recommend this song to anyone who is looking for Music from the 1970s/1980s
The best jazz recording of all time
One of my old time favorites
This song is a bit old fashioned
This song isn't mentioned alot
So romantic.
"Before I let Go"
I enjoy buying single songs
Whats not to like with this song
My favorite all-time song since '63
Pink is a great artist
Modern symphony to life that volleys between intensity and sweetness
frankie valley & the four seasons
Song speaks for itself
A slice of relationship tension mixed with a love...
I miss this group because they were great.
My Christmas season is not complete until I hear "12 pains of Christmas"
I'm cool with!! 4 stars
What more can I say?
"Wait a Minute. Prince."
Great music down load purchase
This is my new make the kids go play in the other room song
Good thing it is not vinyl
Joy filled, positive uplifting music
Not a big fan of electronic blips and blats
I highly recommend any music by Earth
Great song for the hereafter
I remember listening to this song...
Love this song and this band
A happy song that always makes me sing and smile
This is and has been
Dave Brubeck at his best
Love this song!
One of the greats
Awesome
This is a powerful song, yet is so beautiful to listen to again and again
Annother case of hubby...
This is an album for everyman'
This song never gets old
Love this song
Sonny and Cher classic
Great! I love this album. Its genius
Very Haunting
great song
Love this CD. And you will too
My family loves this song
I loved it
Pavarotti's signature song
ya go.
This is good stuff.
Would have been great to play at Chemistry class in high school
Sooth the savage beast within
Great ssong
Love the artists
I do still love this song
LOVE THIS SONG! Brings back lots of memories
"The Ball Game"
A true classic that will definately liven up any gathering
Great to listen to and good sounds and music
Classic seventies easy listening track
This one by Anne Murray is wonderful to me
I have always been a fan of Mint Condition
What can you say about David Bowie
One of my favorite songs
great song by a great singer
"Puff, the Magic Dragon"
A gentle reminder that we are here because...
This is always one of my favorite REM songs
That is a good way to return the favor
this is the man who actually wrote it
Love this song
Very catchy and makes you want to sing along
Prince I Love You
It is a wonderful song
Great party music for all...
I like Billy Idol
Great song for weddings
Good melody and early 60's rock
Can't rate this purchase exactly, but if there had...
Great song that I love listening to often
One of her best!
Amazing song. Excellent sound quality and depth
A little dream island escape of island life
Ricky Nelson was my idol back then
It's such a sad song that has little hope for the protagonist...
Good.
Great Song
Poignant. Heart wrenching
"Sugarland," and this debut album by the trio...
ya this was a must have back in the bar...
I LOVED how Trent released this album
I can't imagine why not?
Love Enya's music
This song takes me back to my high school days
Ben shows again why he's the Piano Prophet
I loved it!!! It was awesome!!! I would highly recommend this item to anyone who...
It's old but always current!
Love how easy it is to purchase and download music
Great song.
Irish kick to this song
"Chapter VII: Hope & Sorrow"
It's a song that infuriates me because it is so terrible
John WIlliam's awesome theme music
I love this song
This song brings back memories from high school through young adulthood
Best album he had...
A haunting song from a...
Shakira has a voice that can sing...
It's really good
This is a great remake of the song
Great voice.
"A Second Chance"
A must have for anyone's song catalog
Good for older teens and up
another great song from my past
a lot of beautiful things are quite strange
"Ride the Lightning" was Metallica's sophomore album
Met or exceeded my expectations
Very funny and clean comedy
It's Five O'clock Somewhere
Woulda coulda set to great music
The Fixx demonstrated a tremendous talent with Reach the Beach
One of my favorites
Love it in the 70's
Good the whole song
Love this song
This is an awesome bluegrass/traditional country album
The mix of her father and she singing together was an incredible performance
I really love Johnny Cash over the younger
Come on move some part of your body to the beat
I love listening to this song
Always loved this song
Great song!
One less bell to answer One less egg to fry
I would always here this song
Great tune happy I found it
The Jam, just sad only...
Listen and learn
I have always liked this song
One of Christina Aguilera's best songs ever
Great ballad!
I purchased this for our dance team
I can listen to it at anytime
Your candle burned out way to soon for all of us
Adina is a Scorpio just like me
good song but did not purchase for myself
A beauty from his Princeness
Great song.
Easily forgettable. But get into the extended portion
Love the old traditional Christmas carols!
I love this song
One of there best if not the best
The Most Offensive Song Ever
It is nothing but classic Stevie Ray Vaughn
Love the oldies
One of my favorite songs
I really really like "Piano Man"
Love it!
The song is great
song was clear and perfect...easy to download
This is not a great song by any stretch
I sing as loud as I can
Alternative Christian music
a great song by Savage Garden
HIDE YOUR HEART!
Cool catchy tune
"Magic Man" by Heart
VERY ENCOURAGING!!!
All the rolaz ( songs) are all good happy with the purchase
This album is hot!
3 1/2 Effective sophomore continues expanding their countrified rock sonic's
I like this classic song...
The CD is very encouraging
One that has been around for a while
Everything Prince has ever done is awesome
This song has so much feeling
The first song I've heard from this group
Avant and the original
Love it!
I love this song
This is a pleasant surprise
Love this song
It became a big hit for Bobby D.
This song is true
I have had the GPS III+ for well over a year now
Great fit/finish/quality
I started getting lots of skips and stalls of different movies
I have an Dell Inspiron which has it
this is OEM from Kingston
Coolpix 800 (bought at Amazon.com)
Good. Does what it is supposed to
Great quality product, I truly did not anticipate the thickness and feel...
This headset is old like mathusalem
Nice colors. Very easy to insert plugs
Did not have the QOS option that I wanted
Uncoated glass really knows how to make lens flare POP
Item was legit, all name brands were there
Love this little item.
Small and thin with lust enough space...
These worked out great
This device works how it should, no muss and no fuss
I've ben using the wired version for...
Great labels for the machine
The cable is nice and long
Tiffen never fails
Great kit for building a computer
Great macro lens
Great headphones!
Arrived on time
i thought that it was my car until...
I bought this cable anyway
The one-port variety means you have to have a separate hub
Great set of features
Great storage roll-up system
Just put the filter does its job by protecting my lens
Not hard to accomplish. It does the job.
Ordered two of them
Bad quality.
good value for the $
Great brand, great price, great deal
Maxwell DVD cleaner I had to get because we'll I know...
Best headphones I could find on Amazon
I seems to be exactly what we wanted and meets all of...
I really like this Transmitter don't get me wrong
Good for one cable
I guess it couldn't handle the incredible stress of being pushed...
Protected by a Tiffen
Good for the price
Doesn't exactly seem right, but it's working today
Arrived on time
These are not compatible with thins
I have put over 800 miles on my bike since i installed this mount
It's serving it's purpose well
Very clean and detailed sound
Great item. I wish the strap were longer so I...
Good bass, good sound in general
Very useful accessory.
Super handy to have around the house
I don't get interference, noise, nor drop outs
You won't feel bad about spending your $$$
Great camera for snorkeling
High joules protection for your audio equipment
I know that it is my fault and that I am an idiot
Easy dump bottom
Would definitely recommend and purchase again
It seems to be sturdy enough
Nikon Nikkor 18-300mm lens
I hate to sound cliche
I've owned a pair of Koss since 1988
Fits easily on my camera
Best headphones i ever bought
It was Dead on Arrival
We put two batteries in this radio and used it for 4 different camping trips
Good product but there is a small black speck...
Great product for connecting a switch and a router or modem
Great quality
i definitely recommend this product
Tiffen has been around forever
Great low-cost headphones
Works as described and better than the one that originally came...
Definite difference if you are using an HDTV
Very nice and all I need...
BOTTOM LINE
i was expecting better from anker
Zippers breaking off
Good quality cleaners!
They do not work, I plugged them into...
I LABEL EVERYTHING
Super cheap and come in a 3-pack
It works fine under Windows ME, 2000, and XP
Better book lights in the $15 or $20 range
I loved every single page
Very nice filter. So far I cannot complain
Excellent product! Well worth the money
You put stuff in it and carry it around
The left eyepiece is warped
Static electricity can fry a computer
Great ear buds
great buy
I do recommend it for its quality and portability
Awesome product.
Nice pair of quality headphones
I would purchase these again
They are TINY. Maybe 2 cables, tops
Good extension cord for length-challenged headphones
you should not use a camera...
Not exactly what I wanted to do, but you gotta do...
Great headphones!
This stays on my 85mm F1.8 lens at all times, protecting it
Love the subtle warmth
This is the way to go from...
The black letters contrast with the green backround well enough...
No problems.
I have used this item for several months
This model was recalled due to a severe flaw including injuries
Great unit for my home network
I bought the three year warranty
this cable is absolutely perfect
Smooth threads too
IBM Deskstar failure
Just the right size
Pulls in Short Wave signal sufficiently to hear for...
Great fit.
Works fine, if it doesn't work
I mostly use this in hotel rooms
Great bass, but not overpowering!
Good quality recorder
I use it to run to my router...
Good protection for my 50mm lens
Works fine and easy to put on
I can only say the quality it very good
I do not know what it is
Good product with a not so great manual
Perfect for holding the WiFi hostage from my roommates until they pay...
The price tag always put me off. It was so much more than the bargain ones
It just arrived and...
I ordered two cables initially...
Cheap filter that does not distort images
Got this for my mother who has macular degeneration
Looks to be great quality
The encasing is careless
it is fast, reliable and affordable
Good for running
Need to find people that can properly develop film though
I'd buy these again in a heartbeat
The only other thing that Meade suggests is using a cable-operated shutter release cord
Works great. Plugged into speakers
Very happy with this light
Amazon.com
Good fit in the security slot
This happens far more often than it should
Good noise reduction, good mic pickup
great zoom shots on my eos 7d
Good price!
Does not fit with my 18-135mm attached
Great product. I would recommend this product to anyone
I would not recommend. I put it on my camera...
Super comfortable Good quality audio Negative
Very good!
Works on both ps3 and ps4.
Netgear switches
A MUST FOR YOUR CAMERAS
I was amazed with how much it could hold
Small, light, and deliver surprisingly good sound for the size
I've had a cordless mouse for 8 years
Works for me and I didn't mind paying a few extra bucks for a Canon product
I was surprised that the actual tile was not...
Works just fine
Not a BAD lens
Great product and service was great!!
The bass is amazing in these, but the overall soundstage is stuffy
Great sound for a ridiculously cheap price
This little headphone produces beautiful sound with comfort
excellent turntable. allows my 26inch flat Sony TV to angle smoothly for around the room viewing
Very unhappy with the purchase
Great polarizer
CFC for PDA
a perfect solution.
This covers that range nicely getting my image dark...
It works fine
I like the unusual design of this headset
Not as good as the originals you remember
The quality is excellent
Isobar
i still use my vcr an these tapes work
It was kind of frosty looking
It works quite well
Great volume control
Works great for my church
Vikings 128 mb flash card
The coating appears to be consistent
Okay
The lens couldn't. Have been any better for it's price
Cheap and fast
Sigma 24-70mm f/2.8 IF EX DG HSM AF Standard Zoom Lens for Sony Digital SLR Cameras
I bought both for my iPod Class 120gig for recording lectures
Good cable.
The sound quality is a solid 5 stars
It does what it says
Very reliable and gave me a couple of hundred shots on a single charge
I love the size
I truly and honestly don't get the rave reviews
Very fast....Bought the 12 footer for a friend a couple weeks...
What A great little radio at a great price picks up alot...
Very easy to install, ran a short cat 5e Ethernet cable from the router to...
Most of the pictures were very poor quality
Very good product for the cost of the film
Not blocking as much light as I had hoped
This is a very good unit, and depending on how you intend...
Love Koss!
Good filter for a GoPro
Thinner than expected
Good for podcasting applications
I like it and understand the cord has to be long
Nook Simple Touch
I am about to replace my stolen C2100
Not clear or sharp focus
Great optics, excellent magnification
S-video works on either system quite well.
I'm an actor
Price was right and it...
PRIVATE PRACTICE ON KEYBOARD
This product does what it is supposed to do
Perfectly adequate little wrist strap
yay!
THINKING about networking
The sound is so clean and natural and like the 7506...
perfect size and quality seems good
This does the trick to fix that problem
They're comfortable and crank out some great sound
Fit was bad.
Pretty nice. The one they sent me had 0 dead pixels
Great tapes.
Is ok for a cheap barlow
Sony MDR-V6 produces superb sound across the entire spectrum
I really like my D460, but having owned it now for half a year
The item does work however it does have limitations
as advertised.
Nice, well built bag
Just got this radio for my jeep
very good quality with enough pockets and seperators to keep all you need at a monents grasp
Polarized lenses take your photography to another level
good adhesive, worked great for my coaxial cable
Works great on the Xbox 360, PC, and multiple laptops with no latency
Great product, durable and well worth the price
Great sound overall!
This is a *superb* little box
It does everything I want it to do
"a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nightfall-
Worthless, the bits started to strip after only...
I've had this player for six months and it was great
I am very happy with Tiffen filters
It is ok but it does affect the clarity of my pics
Awesome idea. Easy to use
Great lens to play with
A must have for all serious strobists out there
It's very well made of sturdy materials,...
Perfect set of computer headphones
My ears get bit tired
Good headphones for the price
HammerHead is the best...
Works fine, won't notice any difference
HIGH QUALITY SOUND excellent product
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in...
I still don't understand what the deal with beats headphones are
Amazing quality for the price
Works perfect. No problem with speed
I have a corded version of this track ball...
A great and inexpensive cable lock
I just bought my second MDR-V6
The best headphones I have ever used
As advertised and expected
Superb Binocular
They work and sound well enough for the price but...
The item I ordered is exactly what I received
The longest I got was about four seconds at a time
Good value.
The pink cable was like $1 when I bought it
I've never had the best luck with portable earbuds
Very light and incredibly comfortable to boot
Great bag for external light, camera and two lenses
fits the phone nicely
Simple inexpensive cable
Just what I was looking for
I was disappointed...
Good sounding headphones for a reasonable price
Works great, price is right
Not the best charger I have ever used but not the worst
I use this every week to separate...
I'm now safe again.
Nicely laid out and easy to use
fits my casio just fine
Great for the price
Great binoculars!
Well not alot to say on this
Best bang for buck headphone out there
Great deal and bought with discount from Amazon warehouse, think return or damaged box
I outgrew it really fast
5-10 feet is the only usable range
I love these babies
Good cartriges
Save your money
Works as advertised
I would recommend playing finger football with them but to each...
Good for the price. I use for plane flights
Not enough for me to use it
The cleaner did the job on cleaning...
Smaller than I thought it'd be, but that turned out to be a good thing
easy to set up, easy to use
Works geat!!!!!
Good price for noise cancelling headphones
Super fast shipping!!!
Great quality...excellent...
Great cd case.
A perfect switch for my home network
nice cable, consider 3.0
Thank You for something I needed
The sound is good but the design has a flaw and that is the connection between the line cord and...
These are really protection for the front element of your lens
They are cheap and adequate
in my honest opinion nook is unfinished product
Very experienced burning CDs
I couldn't communicate with it at first
Did not work at all
Good quality, and works flawless
Very satisfied owner
Excellent noise and surge suppression
The bokeh is fine. The lens is pretty fast
A quality OEM Canon Bag
Great for overall protection of your lenses
It was definitely worth it
I've got a couple of digital cameras...
Sound is great! So glad I bought them
I love the instant feedback, and not worrying about how much film...
Good enough price, nice ends
Best portable headphones for iPod use, hands down
Definitely worth the money
Would buy again
This Tiffen filter seems just as good as more expensive ones...
Works as promised
Not a problem as long as the filter came in
I find it hard to use these binoculars
I bought this unit so my wife and I could share our cable modem
I bought this device for long shutter speed shots
Great Radio, but buttons are not lit and channel changing buttons are in weird location
Works as advertised!
Best mouse I've ever used
Works well for playing my iTunes computer, iPod, and iPhone through my stereo system
I've read other books by Stephen Leather and must say that...
Convenient to order online
Great headphones for the price
I liked it
Great service!
Best portable headphones i've ever owned
Very simple to use
Super comfortable and the sound is far better than what I expected
Great! My engineers love them
I would sacrifice the light gathering ability of a 10x30 with image stabilization
I want something that will protect my lens but that won't spoil my photos
I purchased this because of the color coding plus it was Monster and a great price
Fit my 60D nicely
Works great! I've had this for awhile now and works great
I drive a weekly commute of around 180 miles each way
I especially try to buy little gadgets like this on Amazon for the price
Great Item
I was disappointed that they weren't really the same
EF 100mm Macro
Not very good quality wiring inside sleeve
Love these and actually like them better than the Titanium phones
Great for snorkeling
Nice filter
Works pretty well. Used it to route cables to...
Built a new computer
These are not intended for loud places
It's ok for kids
works good in the car when the wifey talks to me...
Cool accessory that adds ambient light to my desk, but not necessarily easy on the eyes
Theses are more functional than these
I've had other bad experiences recently
So I will never hear the sound again, until I replace my laptop
Great length too
Great for hiding cords from my toddler
It works.
Works with my Pentax *ist Ds
Well written but the story feels tired and the characters simplistic
Very good for my needs
Maybe my head is too big
Great filter for landscape photos
The best short-term option
Great addition to the kit
Very solid equipment
Product fit my machine as disclosed in the description
Great for Walkman or MP3 player use at the gym
Great price for these high quality optics - amazingly clear, rocket fast to focus
It doesn't seem to work for me, I like how...
Dead just under 2 years after placed in service (actual usage time about 20 months)
Polaroid 600 Instant Color Film (3 Pack)
fully satisfied
Beater than beats
Isobar power strips
Needed a good pair
If you buy a spiral of cds than you save a whole lot of money
No AM reception
It fits well and results are very pleasing
granddaughter is just old enough (7) to enjoy shopping for herself
My son has been considering a Kindle reader
Love it!
Good gift card. Good food
Love it!!
BIL loves Starbucks
My first review was a 1 star disaster
Perfect for my little friend
Great, lightning fast shipping
Great gift for any occasion
Thank you!
No activation charge, just regular $25 gift card
Good card for the church staff
A great deal!
Love it!
Great gift idea for crafters
Love all the gifts on Amazon
Always have a few on hand
Gift cards are always the perfect go to gift for me for...
WIN! WIN!
Cute gift card
Great gift card.
Always a great gift
Love the service, food and store
Yes
This is great saving
I love them
My niece loved this birthday greeting
Christmas gift for a nephew
Good value
Perfect and I even used Amazon Points
This is the perfect gift!
Good gift for college student, father of college student, my daughter who loves getting gift cards
Good all round.
Great job! Card was delivered on time
Definitely recommend.
Perfect card for a family
Gift cards
Totally worth it
Great item.
Great gift card for those crafty people on your list
ez x-mas shopping
I forgot how yummy they are
MY BEAUTIFUL DAUGHTER...
Good deal and lots of boxes to choose from
I used it to get my hair done
GOD BLESS!
The card arrived really fast
Makes me feel good inside too
Nice gift for family members and friends who like Olive Garden
Love this one!
A gift card for a place they go
Wing lovers flock here by the busload
Great card for something I enjoy and I registered it for great discounts and deals
Great gift card.
Got here quickly and worked
Would definitely order again
It looks tacky!
Perfect for the in-laws to use on there...
Good gift card!
Discounted Panda Express
It is what it says it is
Loved by receiver
Great bargain since I can send...
best a dozen at a time
They work
Love these come in handy when I need to run into a store
This will be a fun birthday present!
Great gift for my friend!
Very cute!
IHOP Gift Card
Great gift.
I love their food for convenient lunch and quick dinner
Great gift card for relatives and friends
What's not to love?
I ordered a bunch of gift cards and when...
works well.
fun design and always welcome content
Great gift box
Got picky people on my shopping list
AMC cards for my grandson who lives in Manhattan
Great gift card.
We love gift cards
I love Burger King
Cute little box
Great christmas gift
Men are hard to buy for
Always great when you don't...
What could go wrong with an amazon gift card
Good deal without a trip to the store
The gift card and outside of the tin get 5 stars on this
Good gift card, but could take longer.
Good
No problems using these cards so far
One card did not have any value to it
Perfect
Decent delivery speed and everyone loves panera
Great gift card
I bought this for my teenage granddaughter named Claire
No complaints here!
Santa pants tin
Perfect for giving a graduation gift card
Another gift card for an upcoming bd
Perfect Christmas gifts for grandkids
Great for TIMES OF NEED donations
Super festive pop up Christmas theme
Good deal of the day for $17
I like it when you can adjust the loaded price...
how can you go wrong?
Subway makes a goof sandwich for sure
Really nice gift box
Makes everyone happy.
Love this little restaurant
easy to use, easy to use
Healthy eating option
You need these double checked before shipping!
Granddaughter was thrilled
Love amazon lighting deal gift cards
Great gift idea
Great seller.
Great idea to inclose gift card in free cute container
I love it.
Great time, good food
$50. What else can I say?
Great gift, couldn't be easier
So far so good
I feel like Amazon should limit what can have a product review
Will be given as gifts.
I would purchase again.
Good as gift for older kids as it still ties...
What a smart choice
My youngest son loves movies and goes every week
Good for breakfast!
Its a simple as it gets
a gift card
Really surprised and very grateful.
Nice Box with Gift Card
It's always good for a basic pizza
no need to explain!
Excellent
Loved it! Made the gift card special
Prefect gift when you don't know...
a great way to give gifts
It's such a handy stocking stuffer
Great receiver.
Love the little tin cans
We love O'Charleys!
Great Christmas gift for anyone
I love these gift cards
Perfect gift to give someone so they can buy a little treat for themselves thru amazon
Prefect gift for my daughter
Dont like extra fee
Gift Card for any occasion
I guess it gets five stars!
Love Cap D's
I bought this for Christmas
Love Cracker Barrel and especially gift cards
Works fine at the concession
Great gift card, came within two days
I love this simple gift.
'da bomb!
Love it!
Christmas gift for my daughter
Fast and secure service.
I love their bread and cookies but they should offer more real meals
its' a gift card what can you say
The card came with scratches on it and the backing was crumpled
Not sure how to comment
Excellent gift.
Love these egift cards!
PERFECT stocking-stuffer gifts!
Great way to pay for your purchases at Panera
A great place to eat Amazon is a great place to shop
a Christmas gift for a nephew
Great for anyone.
Great gift for the stylish preteen
Perfect
I love iTunes
Love having the gift card
Wendy's
Good family outing
just got card and FUNDS...
A little too well
Great gift, when you cannot think...
Gift cards are always the perfect last minute gift
The card arrived as described and helped...
A really loud one A really loud one
A much healthier option to give to kids who are away at college
Glad amazon offers them in edelivery form
Great for a gift
I use them every year.
Not much else to say
Great gift idea when you...
Good Xmas gift
Excellent thanx
Always usefull
Perfect for those who prefer a retro feel
Shipping was fast.
Pretty good!
Santa tins - really cute
Will order these as gifts again next year
Great value for only 18.50
Cute Gift Card works fine
nice packaging.
It's a gift card
Love the details given
Great and easy gift
The receiver loved this
great gift card!
Love em!
What can I say. It works
Very happy with item.
GREAT!
They loved it!!
Love to have amazon cards
Attractive gift
Great gift card!
I have used this card once
great pizza so good
Good gift card.
Papa John's
Always great service, and let's not forget the after dinner mints
you actually want a review on a...
Nice gift packaging for any event
Perfect!
I loved it.
Used without any problems.
nice christmas theme on the box
THANKS
Great gift for me when I am not really sure what...
Quality packaging
GUESS HE BOUGHT HIMSELF SOMETHING WITH IT
son will love it
Love it
Better-looking than I expected
Worked great
I would recommend this seller if you need a regal gift card
Worth every penny!
Perfect gift! Took...
Wings are amazing
This gift card worked perfectly! I gave it to my parents as part of their...
Great gift card
Perfect for me!
It is my go-to choice for movies in my area
This Santa Tin is really cute
It works.
Good gift. fast delivery
IT WAS A GIFT CARD
Very happy.
Great cards. fast delivery
Super CUTE!
I love getting these as gifts
Best pizza pizza
LOVED IT SHE WHEN THERE WITH HER MOTHER AND FATHER AND HAD A BALL
Not too flashy or grown up
Love this teddy bear!
Came on time
Great gift, when you cannot think...
Always a great gift
This makes gift giving exceptionally easy
Great gift cards
works as intended
it's gift card
A nice gc holder/display
Good quality cardboard box
gift and loved it
I buy my son one...
78 on the road since we left
a gift card
A TURKEY DINNER
BJs is there favorite restaurant
The metal Santa it come in is a nice touch
Love the chicken here
grandkids will love it
Just like a mini shipping box
Easily used
Bells jingle
came as expected
Very glad that I did, though...
The receiver loved this
she loved it!
Excellent Gift! Very Happy
Cool Bear
exactly what I was looking for!
TYPE
a Christmas gift
Another great gift
Perfect for gifts
We all love Starbucks
I purchased this for my cousin for Christmas
You need these double checked before shipping!
Bought this for my father
Caffeine my #1 bestie
Perfect gift
My nephew bday is coming
Always love Amazon gift cards
Ok looking card
Works as advertised
It's all good
Great gift card for a family member
We love these Amazon Gift Cards
Best coffee ever
Very nice and easy gift
Cute!
Love to get and give gift cards to favorite eateries
I love email card
This is a solid.
very classy, always welcome contents
was gift
Great gift cards
Always a wonderful gift
Not many here in Atlanta
Love the design
Love it!
Its a gift card
Love it.
Great Gift Card!
Good gift card
Great gift card to use shopping for affordable cloths...
Just didn't know it was for a girl gift card
This is the best card for those who like to...
What a great price when I got...
They love movies and don't get out...
Cracker Barrel
Easy to use
great gift for my 4 year old nephew
Great gift for HUNGRY friend
amazon giftcard is something you can give anyone with an internet connection
Great gift card!
A GOOD HOLDER FOR ALL GIFT CARS
Worked
Great Gift to my Niece
I'm going to have to give 5 stars for this product
Easy gift
Perfect gift for the Amazon fan
a cool way to...
Great food, especially at Maggiano's
The ribbon on the box is not the color pictured in the first picture
Red lobster is a great restaurant
I have used these for several years...
Good selection of restaurant gift cards to choose from
you actually want a review on a...
Perfect!
Easy Christmas shopping
Great gift card for Amazon
Like to buy cards before I travel
Great gift but I had no idea that Applebees were offering a 20.00 gift card when gifts were...
Great gift card for my sister's birthday
Good gift card!
No activation charge, just regular $25 gift card
Very convenient and easy to use
I've used it already and it's valid
It was really good
Gift card just as expected
Great gift card
Another xmas gift
BETTER HAVE FUNDS ON IT
Great Buy.
Beautiful presentation
Great gift
Great gift card!!
this is a gift for a friend who likes taco bell
The box is very nice
Love the little Amazon box
Love the cute boxes!
A perfect gift
They love the Amazon cards
Easy to set up
great
S0Oo touched by the gift...
GREAT
What a perfect gift to give
good value for a movie gift card
Great item.fast shipping too
How great it is to have a Starbucks Card so we can...
This card came all beat up and barely...
Simple to use, no need...
Great gift for friends, family...
I hope we can go there very soon!
Great gift for our teenage niece
Gift card for a gift
Excellent
Easy to use, no need to carry cash
They loved it!
A Christmas gift!
Great gift card for Whole Foods
Perfect gift for my son.
Came instantly!
FAST AND EFFECTIVE
How do I love thee, Oh, Logan's delicious Steak
Great deal during the holidays when you can get it for $40
love the item
$50 dollar give card what else can be said we used it at there higher end steakhouse
Great value for money
Perfect for lunches
We love deals!
easy to use
Stepson used it for a pin gun
Ok
I would recommend and purchase again
It's brewed cold and consumed cold
I love this tea! I'm not a high falutin' tea snob
TEA IS DELICIOUS AND RELAXING
Very Cherry Jelly Bellies
Great taste and nice light kernels
but I think it has a terrible aftertaste
A sugar free syrup made with Splenda
mellow tea
Best tea I've ever had
This price would kill me lol
Love using this product for many dishes
Perfect for after work or a busy day
AWFUL
AWESOME Iced Tea
My favorite quick lunch/supper
Great scraper for pots and pans
This had a fruity flavor added
Two great natural germ and virus killers
Has great taste and aroma. Makes a difference in cooking
A delightfully unusual little snack
Great salt for sea food
Product-link-linked
It's the classic Lipton flavor
Stevita Supreme Sweetener
I love natures hollow
Great taste with a little caffeine kick
This huge bag is amazing and inexpensive for all...
I have friends in Australia and New Zealand...
Only problem with this tea
Great taste and strong concentration so you use just a little
Xylitol is a rat poison
it is that good
Love this product!!!
Mild taste. Fast shipping. Good price
Great sugar sub, but I just learned that it comes from corn
Love this ginger
The taste is great, it's green tea, with a very subtle lemon taste
They are shiny and what I was looking for
Perfect homemade cashew mayonnaise
A great pick-me-up!
The chocolate is not very thick.
Easy to use
best gum.
We keep a 2-gallon dispenser of iced tea in our refrigerator
My son-in-law uses it to thicken his wonderful chili
The best Yogi tea!
Great stuff. Use it just like sugar
LOVED THEM
Sans Mousse Mix
Terrible bitter taste
It is a dark robust flavor
I make it with coconut, almond or soy milk
Sweet but not sickly sweet
Definitely a worthwhile gift for the chef in your family
Organic and full bodied
NUFF SAID
I don't care what kind of mood the people who collected it were in
Quite disappointed. Tree came in and 90%...
It's an odd tea, and it totally does not...
I'm giving this item 2 stars because the flavor was fine
I love this tea
These are the old-school candy cigarettes
I liked it okay but my kids were not impressed
The best garlic toast!
Rich, full flavor, quality tea
Use this stuff for many things
I really like finishing salts
Decorates well
I love these as a quick hot snack
Nice flavor to coffee
Love them!
Really taste the Chai
this tea is great
Great popcorn!
I CAN'T JUST OPEN A BOX I HAVE TO ADD MY OWN TOUCH
Great for my royal icing mix
I like having these little things around
My first experience with this brand and also anything kelp
I use this syrup only for making cherry-glazed baby back ribs
Very disappointed.
Good vinegar flavor
Mix & match...so good!
Great product for a friend who is undergoing chemo
Great for making low-carb bread
Love this salt and after it raised my body ph to 7 and decreased...
hottttttt
I'm still probably going to have goodies this holiday season but with these cookies in my pantry
Good price, shipping was on time
The closest I got with it
Great decaf tea
This is my favorite green tea
I love this stuff. The taste is salty - but fresh...
Good Smoke!
the health benefits would be so much better for me
strong and delicious
These are good. Got them for a friend that...
Great perk to get items shipped
What a rip-off. Stay away from this tea
Great product!
Great!
''''''
I like that you can...
I enjoy the flavor of this tea
Great coffee!!!!
Greek coffee may be the key to greater longevity and heart health
It's not the most comfortable feeling in the world when it kicks in
I drink two cups of Twinings English Breakfast Tea at least two times a day
This is my go to tea for chai
The hot sauce is a little thick and chunky
Bonsai Tree
Very, very good
'Nuff said.
I really surprised her
Powdered garlic works when there is no garlic available
Trident is gouging now
It is delicious
Very smooth and tasty
I love the long shelf life!!
Best Medium Flavored Tea
This is a spicy, clean tasting tea
I can't believe we endured that other tasteless crap
I really notice a difference if he misses a few days!
This is the greatest stuff! My writing keeps me pretty busy
Lemon and pepper arrived with a fresh long lasting date
Twinings Earl Grey tea
You are not paying for a lot of sugar
I tried to eat a smidge healthier when...
Consistent flavor with every box
Great buy for a large family but overkill for an old single like me
Best tea ever
Won't be without it
Really good and priced well
Better than the basic medium roast Senseo pods
Great.
I baked a cake for my son's third birthday
My kids love mac & cheese but I don't! I actually like this...
I love this as ice Tea, not so much as hot tea
Spaghetti with Meat Sauce
Enjoy to scent and flavor
It tastes really good and it isn't too sweet
Has a bitter taste
Be prepared.
I love this tea
Very nice!
This is as cheaper or cheaper than the store
Great substitute for camp outs
You will not be disappointed!
The perfect bedtime tea!
Perfect cracker for everything
A must for perfect cakes.
Good for the price
I wasent to happy with it
THIS STUFF IS HOT
Great Pasta Sides!
Love Stash Teas
Cinnamon Candy Apple
It always tastes great.
I have a very physical job and have tried all kinds of energy drinks
Sweet and sweet
I love Orbit gum
I cannot recommend this at all
My favorite cookies
I wish I had tried a bottle locally rather than...
Would it replace maple syrup for me?
So I will not buy it again
Good value
I got a good batch
These are my favorite snack now
This tea unfortunately did nothing for me
The broth needed more chicken flavor
Very drinkable and best of all organic
Easy to use and has awesome flavor
Great honey!
Very happy to have found it here
These are sinfully delicious yet sugar free, filling and rewarding
I'm not sure if it actually helped with the birth of my second baby
a gift for a friend who adores strong coffee
I use these in soups,stews...
GURU Natural Energy Drink
It didn't taste like garlic at all, and basically had no flavor or seasoning
It tastes clean and fresh but I like the much less expensive Salada better
Great product. Will buy again
The fact, that it is decaf makes it even better, because I can...
It is tasty, but I won't buy it again
Very tasty and easy to prepare
The candies are tasty, and well liked at my office
This. gum was a good buy
Earl Grey tea
Very happy with purchase and price
The texture is...
It is 120 calories per tablespoon
My husband loves licorice
Lemon Ginger Tea from Yogi Tea
I use Cream of Tartar for the potassium
Very healthy.
My son is 18 and still loves Annie
Great protein for smoothies
Best throat care remedy around
Best British tea in the world
I have tried a good number of hot sauces
Bought this in a grocery
Not as good as the ones they make with four cheeses
Great bag
Twinings is my favorite tea
Love this tea.
Good sized almonds
Bigelow Favorite
Always love Maldon Salt, and this was no exception
VERY sad to say we no longer order these
My family might mock me, but I like this stuff for...
Tastes like moth balls and mold
Jiff is the best
Good value for money
Great for popcorn
I tried different ginger herbal tea brands but came back immediately...
A combination of both green and black teas with peach/cucumber overtones
Great pepper. works well in my grinder
Great product, great price
Good sugar substitute for baking
great peanut butter. love the smoothness and quality
It's a tasty side or a full meal!
Works great with my bread
I hope you like it too
It was economic way to introduce...
It's too spicy for me
I love chocolate
This is a really flavorful option
Delicious! I like strong good flavour
The smell is awesome
Great vanilla flavor.
got it and ate them all
I just let them sit...
Would make it easier to ship with less problems
Having tried and liked several flavors (e.g.,&nbsp;
This was a really disappointing blend
It brings back memories of breakfast with grandmother
I trust this brand and the great quality has never let me down
I am very picky when...
Great fork!
Excellent vendor, product as described
Good iced, with or without milk
Good Alternative to Good Earth Sweet and Spicy Caffeine Free
This is really good pepper and I am just...
It's just ok. I thought it would taste like vanilla tea
Excellent in home baked goods
good deal, much higher in local stores
These are my favorite shortbread cookies!
It works well
Soooo good! It actually tastes like sugar cookies
These have a nice flavor.
My 1st experience with chicory root
Great way to spice up just about any dish
One of my long-time favorites
Pumpkin pie spice
Wonderful product- I will buy it again
Best Raw Honey Ever
It was the best tea I have ever had
Twinings is by reputation the best and this tea...
These are really good because my son took them and...
Good for your circulation
2 months later its dead
BEST Frrrozen Hot choclate
As promised
Delicious and very high quality
a good tea to help with digestive issues and a sore throat
Love this candy!
Well you want to feed kids right?
My search for superior salt has ended.
It's incredible and amazing. Absolutely incredible. It is very "sweet"
so fresh they go bad if...
It's probably one of the healthiest proteins that you will find
great candies - not too sweet
I absolutely love this tea
Great for a quick, delicious dinner remedy
Better than Bouillon Chicken Base
It does not 'dry me out' like commercial salt
Good value for a great nutty-vanilla taste
Lipton 100% Natural Tea, Tea Bags, 48-Count Boxes
Really tasty, versatile tea
Good for baking and scrambled eggs
Great tasting flavors from GJ K-cups
It's not "giant," but...
Great buy.
It's fast and delicious
I'm not sure which is best the gluten
Delicious, fresh fruit flavor
i love knorr sides
This is a good one
Good favor teas but they don't come individually wrapped
Great product and packaging
Perfect for my high tea luncheons
Great for black coffee drinkers. Really good tasting
good enough for me and I am picky
Good for a friend
Love it, it helps curb my chips craving
This paste is a bit mouth hurting hot
This product is FAR lower in sodium than bread crumbs
I add milk or cream
I love this snack
Its OK for Chinese mustard
I LOVE that I don't have to waste half a can of tomato paste
This is awesome!
Good when you just want to have a small stick once in awhile
Very good product, iodine is good for goiter prevention
I don't know what to say...
The price is surely phenomenal!
I like the flavor but am concerned about the salt
Great tea for those times when the bloating gets too much and you need relief
The same creamer that I buy in tubs but in pocket size
I hate the kind I had subscribed to, but it was cheap
Super-convenient.
I like the flavor of 100% Bran Flakes or Raisin Bran without the raisins
This is the old stuff
Not your usual Asian hot sauce
It is spicy & soothing and slightly sweet without any sweetener of any kind added
Too many of these did not pop fully to cut the mustard
Organic macaroni and cheese is not any healthier for you
works OK
Great jar
Works for me! Actually helps control pressure
It's good on it's own
Super thin flakes for finishing
Great price. I love them
Very nice popcorn
Cant loose if you bake often
Good for my sister to boost her supply
Love this product.
This is the best.
Great for shave ice for our Super Bowl party
I would give 5 star but it can be confusing to some
Very good tea with lots of full bodied flavor and scent
A wonderful bean dip
Best flavored whey protein mix on the market
This is an ongoing order for me
Watery, no mushrooms
Excellent product.
Coconut water is nice and straight forward
I'm not a spice person really
Easy to make, and tasty
Great with bananas
Great for Oriental dushes
These are still very good
a bit pricey
I actually got this for a friend of mine who has been unable to find it
Good but estrange flavor for my taste
I'm pretty finicky with my tea tastes and I like it
It rivals Earl Grey for me
I hate plastics and avoid buying food packaged in it
I love the taste of tbe tea and scent of the steam
My favorite green tea flavor
a staple of mine for making quick tomato-based soups
I love this ground flaxseed
Love this product. I used it during a...
Great for a basic oil.
A must to have around when your immune system is compromised
Always a good product
Excellent, but small
Fits good
Very soft, but not mushy
Love this! Also bought plain paste which is excellent
Low oxalate
i am an indian girl after all and can handle anything...
Great product!
yummmm rice krispy treats!!
Good gum to clean my teeth
I LOVE Swedish Fish
I love the taste of this tea and love even more that it's almost "instant"
These are nice...
This tea is not for me
I love ice tea
Clean and very aromatic when ground
We only needed one box for a costume
True British Black Tea. Dark, rich, and perfect
Good blend of flavor.
This is an excellent blend for winter to stave off colds
The popcorn pops very small
The tea is very good
great chewing gum to share with others
I sprinkled it on top and it looked really great
works perfectly with torani syrup bottles
I am writing this as a person who...
I always can find it for under $6 and occasionally under $5
highly reccommend
Good pepper!
I use it in tea...
It definitely is lacking in flavor
Can't get it all out
Darjeeling Tea
Decent peanut butter. They are the smaller jars
greAT
Lentil soup hasn't been the same since
I always keep this on hand during...
This mix and my own recipe
I've been drinking this stuff for a little over two weeks and I notice everything works better
Amazing tea. Love it on winter days
Great side when you don't have time or feel like...
Awfully vinegary flavor, some zip
I really like this flavor
My fault for not paying closer attention
We love our Senseo Coffee pot
Great tool for slicing
Great for fish and chicken
I have to disagree with all the five stars here
It works well, cleans up easily, and looks great
Very Good Quality
I like this whisk
Works great, without needing to know any tricks
Great to have the hose attachment to clean under the bed
The best can opener I have ever used
Another great product from KitchenAid
Cute little Martini picks
Love making cake batter on this bowl
I love the concept
Great for mixing, serving and chilling
Perfect hand grater for garlic
This is my 2nd rabbit
It does the job very well
Easy to clean
great machine, serves two cups of coffee with milk in my house
Heavy construction. Look forward to using it
The cutting itself works pretty well
Great knife for my son
A great friend of mine
This popper does an adequate job without burning the kernels
this popper makes great popcorn and...
Best purchase I have ever made
Great brush!
Love the silicone...
I really like this little gadget
It makes great french fries and is a helpful onion cutter
Easy to clean
Great way to pop popcorn
Cleans nice and works great.
I like the storage tin
Very comfortable handle
I love that you...
Always the best
Works like a charm
Very nice pitcher.
I found another brand that is built...
I need more space so I got this cheaper
Great job sharpening knives
Best Manufacturers Flat Roux
Great, but it's smooth like butter
Great for cooking, meal prep
Great for scraping and clean up easily
Sourdough Bread
Best coffee maker in Italy
It broke within...
Good! I like it a lot
Love this saute pan!
The best I have ever used
Great replacement for buying Pam
works great. Cheaper than buying olive oil spray and better...
Wonderful pitcher and the colors and color blend is wonderful
Common result: Mixing bowl slips and slides
This bowl is awesome
They have a nice weight without being to heavy
Good Product, well made and arrived on time
It's nice to find Pyrex brand bowls in sets
Easy to use
This is a great container.
I highly recommend it
As a stand alone, it works, but as a supplementary kit to one (or more-- these...
Not a better transaction!
Great for my Dr. Pepper Owls! The kids loved all the colors
Great splatter guard
Great for my new Food Processor
It works very well
We use these in my daughter's Planetbox Rover lunchbox to divide up the medium-size...
It peels nicel
Oxo products always look sharp and function efficiently
Good for rice cooker.
These stainless steel measuring spoons beat plastic ones down to the ground
Thank you for carrying this item
Just love them.
Perfect for baking and cooking
I like how tough they are
Easy to use and easy to clean
Love these for our martinis
Good quality and well worth the price
Very useful when measuring liquid!
These are perfect
Keeps our bread from molding
Great size
Nothing special about it
Works well if you put it in your window to pull in fresh air
Good size for medium sized meals!
very nice product. perfect size, good quality construction
Works well, once you figure out how to collect the juice!
Very nice for keeping your drink hot
I make iced tea with fresh lemon juice all summer
Great offset spatula
It is solid, stable and does the job. Love it!
Great fan
Great knives. Worth the money
Love using my misto
Good product that does the job
works as expected, highly recommended
I really like it.
Best salad spinner Ive ever used
Excellent pan.
So glad I was really curious. So I found a smaller version
It's a winner for me
Great for our RV oven
Great addition to my kitchen accessories
Just arrived and immediately plugged it into my Kill-A-Watt
cheap made and dull
A perfect gift!!!
I'm loving it!!
This falls into my simple is better line of products...
I guess it's better than just dumping...
Had for over a year
They don't actually create a seal so it's not airtight
What a difference in how evenly the rice cooks and it tastes better
Great price for a nice little non stick toaster oven pan
Very good. Makes...
Perfect fit, quality product
Excellent peeler
Mighty Mites
Beautiful Cakes
It is well made and easy to clean
Great for flippin' fried eggs
Good quality, boils water perfectly
Glad I do now and I wonder what took me so long
I like OXO brand
My wife and I have both used it and it does everything we want it to!
Saves time and it...
A must have at a great price
Not of the same heavy duty quality as Kaiser's La Form Plus line
I've always loved these peelers
Better than a press pot
nice storage system for the blades
Good Grips Garlic Press
but what I got sure was not what i was hoping for
Very large and very sharp
Great product & awesome price
Very well designed and will not be unattractive sitting on your kitchen shelf
I just wouldn't buy them again
Love the gift
Good coat for dogs not engaged in roughhousing
Great for corn tortillas
I love this pan and it works great for me.
This is our second purchase of this vacuum
The item works as described
Best grilling tongs
Con: Peeled inside Walls n Bottom
Great replacement for Mighty Mite
Great! Expands my canning beyond pickles
I am sure I will be happy with it
Perfect for my small hands
Love it - works great
Non-teflon non-stick
Great product. Makes moving trash cans around very easy
Get 2 for olive oil and another for regular canola oil
A bit jarring first thing in the morning... you get an adrenaline burst along with your caffeine
I bought this set for my fifth wheel
Great for mixing bowls
Great grill for people who live alone and don't want to cook too much
Great idea - no messing...
I love this product
OXO Nylon headed tongs
They work.
Our only BIG disappointment is that the motor is no longer made in the USA
Suction is not strong enough
Nice size and easy to hold on to
A great addition to subtracting from our bathroom
Good for a blender
Best Bundt pan ever!
I bought this today to strain my homemade yogurt
Nordic Ware quality
Best brewing system for single cups of coffee
I've gone back to using my French press
Great measuring spoons
Very nice product. Mesh fine enough so that...
Best of show with these stars
I love little puzzles and time wasting devices like this
Nice upgrade, wife likes it, works well
Very small buttons
It's been 2 years and 8 months since I bought my timer
My step-mom gave me her Kitchenaid because she never uses it
Perfect!
OK, but...
Great for carving fruit
Works perfectly
I loved this blender until the motor died after...
Very comfortable to use
We love these knives! They've replaced a collection of various brands and knives
you get what you pay for
OXO products
These are just a top-notch product
Great oil spray.
I need to save space wherever I can
I bought this as a gift and it is serving...
So glad I bought it...
Great tongs
Easy to use, cuts through Apple with ease
Easy to clean
The Mighty Mite does the job!
I have had one of these can openers for several years
Lost communication all the time
Works perfectly. Just as I expected
I can't complain
These spoons fit in my spice jar
Best peeler period. Not a fan of Y-peelers
I bought this for my wife to decorate cakes
Good for the countdown function
Great cheese cake
Perfect pasta drying rack!
It's a necessary part of our kitchen
Excellent knives which hold an edge
Works very well for shredding cheddar cheese
A good blade is not a big blade
Energy and time saver
Great Popper!
I love Cordy Roy animals
They look like they are milled from one piece of stainless steel
Better than pre-ground
Easy to use and works without fail
Great for carrot cake or soup puree
I like this timer
Little large in diameter for my pre 1980 cooker
Great vacuum!
Makes terrible coffee... No matter what...
this thing is dull as hell
But the material is plastic and looks pretty cheap...
I won't say this is life changing...
Best grinder for fine grinding of spices
My hand physical therapist recommended this product
Excellent for the two of us
OXO Good Grips
Great Grandma's Christmas Tradition
Easy to use
Great second bowl for my KitchenAid mixer
Easy to use pressure cooker
Great for the kitchen
This is an absolutely superb can opener
Very well made.
A very study and well-made strainer
It doesn't taste good or even melt well
It fits fine and works fine
Cons: Because the cups are elongated rather than tall and the handles are...
It would be better with an improved inflation valve that...
Nice lids for when I need to chill contents before...
A nice addition to my kitchen
These are heavier than my dinnerware
item was dented when it arrived
Easy to install, well formed, and throws ample light on things
Works but not great. I would not purchase another one
I feel like this is a silly problem to start with
Works well but gets a lot hotter...
Fun way to make a simple dinner seem fancy
Monster Cable surge protector is a great product
The perfect size for the cooking I do
I like the sturdy bottom!
It works great
better than the jumble of blades
Really like this one
Easy to use
Good value for the price
Great coffee roaster
It makes a great espresso style coffee and it couldn't be easier
Will definitely be buying from this vender again in the future
The best chef's knife I could find
The one that came with my mixer...
2 out of 3 handles have broken on these ladles
Good size for small and large hands
I received the product right on schedule
Easy to use and clean
These fit the bowl of my KitchenAid mixer perfectly
Worthless.
The PROS: I work more or less as a mill
This timer makes a fabulous gift too
Just as advertised.
Easy to wash and flat enough to store with other racks
This is a great fit
Good whisk at a good price
I use it with the scooper...
Oxo Good Grips Nylon Slotted Spoon
Perfect tongs!
I have one salad a day at least
A little larger than what I expected.
I fear no loaf
Love this tea holder!
I love the pumping
Our water supply comes totally from small streams
Love this for corn on the cob
love the cooking oil sprays
This is a very thing flexible turner
Perfect for seasoning stews
The popover pan is essential to making a restaurant quality popover
Great for pressure cookers
Perfect for marinades/dressings/vinaigrettes
Just the right size to make Christmas cheesecakes
This was the 2nd most used knife of the set
So far it's lasted about 3 days since I unpacked it
I've worked with Tupperware products before...
Makes PERFECT cookies
This is it! The design is great and is very high quality
Awesome bundt pan.... watch your cook times as this is darker pan and the cake...
High Quality product at a great price
This is kitchen gear I use every day
So fast so easy!! I use this on top of my cooktop
Especially for egg dishes
I love this thing a lot
Love it! My mixer is older...I mean 25 years...
I love that it comes with a blade protector
Solid but significantly lighter than glass
The best deal I found
everything fits so well in it
I am totally fed up and disappointed with your product
They are durable and easy to use
It's a great price
Love this for several months
I love the growler but the main reason why I bought it was because...
These covers fit my KitchenAid bowls perfectly
Great stainless stell spoon rest
Not for tiny people with no upper body strength at all
The blade is sharp and it takes little effort to peel the veggies
This is my 3rd OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner
I was so impressed I peeled more carrots than I needed for my recipe
Great sprayer
It's SO worth it!
The key to this particular press is that...
These bowls are the best!
A nice work of kitchen scuplture
Great zester/grater
The best vegetable brush I've ever owned
Easy to use! Works on all sizes of apples
best veggie brush I have had
Easy to clean
Great product. Highly recommended!
the non skid bottom is really a plus
Good Price!
WORST luck with cheese slicers
It looks classy.
I'd need a second vacuum to clean this one
Love this pressure cooker
Can't save money upfront
Great value and true to description
This steamer does not do traditional rice well
These will most often come broken
Keep it handy...
I bought this peeler years ago
Hand-friendly scrubber
The best way to get apple slices
nifty tea ball
Love this juicer
It felt like it my fall apart...
It's good
It is China made and China quality
I've had this product for about 8 years
Really nice feature is the telescoping wand
This is a great cheap fan from Lasko which really does...
a must have.
My dad had this same rice cooker my entire life and we used it...
Great value for money
Great juicer for price, but not one I'd recommend otherwise
GREAT can opener
I hate those. They do not line up...
It still works fine for me
I've had far too many low quality measuring spoons
Incredible.. just incredible
Great product. I hated cooking bacon and the ends curl up
Cuts and serves.
Perfect fit for my Artisan
This machine is really really loud and noisy
Great peeler, it makes fast work of peeling apples and potatoes
I wanted a nice loaf with that crispness
Great tool to have.
I love them. There heavy stainless so won't bend or break
It's true that the ones without TX will not offer warranty
Great Sharpener
This does cut an egg cleanly and sharply
No more guess work when boiling eggs
Salton yogurt maker for $15
This is a small bowl
Best vegetable brush ever
Love the push button feature
I got this mixing bowl for our almost three year old...
This new version has some design improvements and a much lower quality
I own a 9" and 12" pair of these
The fundt pan arrived very quickly
This big size holds a LOT, and keeps beverages HOT for hours
Great potato peeler!
Mom loves it!!
Good price.
Convenient around the neck timer
It's easier and safer to use
Once I figured out how to use it
Nothing but the best
Very impressed with the customer service
Good coffee but not as good as a French press
I love this box fan and may even buy another one
Perfect for the spot that it needed for
Great suction and it's lightweight
Good for hardwood floors and low profil for under sofa and beds
too heavy
This vacuum has performed wonderfully for several years
Works great without having to play around with cheesecloth
Well sealed and intact
A MUST HAVE for this big and heavy ladder
good quality.
I absolutely love having this switch on my router table
works great fast shipping
No better than other less expensive Griot or CG towels
It's 20" x 50ft roll of light duty absorption
Works very well on PLA 3d printed filament
Great product.
this little baby has power to spare
Compact enough to fit in scrub or white coat pocket
Apron covers me from just below my neck
Repaired some nicks in my tub with this
Grizzly G9849 Magnetic Base/Dial Indicator Combo
Great stuff for a fair price
Good product for pla.
I need to check caulking on windows
Awesome heavy duty, air tight drum
I bought this to use with a mount I...
Keeps my screws organized and within reach of...
Very well made and the magnet is super strong
Not for rounded surfaces like a pipe
Nice box
Very nice! Excellent quality and worth the price
I never turned it on because of the likely short circuit
I love these little jems
Standard pipettes
Just hooked this in to our heat pump...
works great, We have kids and they have lots of...
A great gag gift
They don't really allow enough room to be plugged...
Just took them forever...
I really do like this little unit
Great tape!
not what I expected OK on thin softwood
I bought them for Boy Scout fire kits
I personally think it is a scam by these companies to sell extra devices
They work way better than the typical grinding stone burrs
Good traction grip
Fixed my garage door opener in 15 minutes
PERFECT LUBE
I've used a ton of these for TV installations on walls
The work like they should. would order again
Good product, no more, no less
Nice tap, it worked well
Great cut-off blade
Clean out stinky sand and washing container and bucket is bad
Too small to read from very far away
I prefer wD40 for simple rust and corrosion
Works well!
Good stuff, real deal
Great for containing used cigarette butts
Great tool to protect your moving boxes when moving
Nicholson Hand Files
a few - three or four - of the clamps did not work
Good quality
Nice Battery Holder for the 18650 popular LiIon Battery
It's a shame Lowe's and Home Depot...
Perfect for my needs without running around...
Very cool stuff
It's an amazing printer for the price
It's a metallic spatula
Can't get rid of the smell
Great set of calipers
Good for me until I misplaced it
works great broke the stand on one battery covers don't stay in very well but...
Mounts to a standard metal junction box, not included
Rolls nicely, was easy...
I use it numerous times
It feels very well-made
Can perfectly zeroed
Exact as advertised.
Works like a charm
I run a small company and we cannot afford top of the line equipment and we do not require...
Much stronger than duct tape
Good fit, economical, no issues...
the best thing on the market
Great POT! Reads 9,8300 ohms
I would definitely buy this Acurite model again*
They don't hurt my nose at all like regular plastic goggles do
better than my old essentials
I like it so much, I didn't want to be without it ever again
Awesome trash can so happy to have this now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Excellent cable. Bought it as a...
This stuff is virtually odorless
These connectors are sub quality, would not buy again
Screw-in hollow core door anchors
Great product.
Good for a smallish computer table
These are cheap/ugly littles bottles
a little pricy but still does the job as stated
Cost effective. Works well
Best DOORSTOPS out there
Adhesive is superb
Great addition to a first aid kit
PERFECT
Its duct tape
Good product from a trusted vendor
These seem to work great
So 1 of mine arrived with the broken inlets and outlets just like...
It didn't work, but that was my error
I liked them so much
This is simply because plastic bulkhead fittings
Not as large as an actual Prescription bottle
Works great. We have...
It snaps into a tight coil
This may also fit the new 2620(with venting channels)
Strongest Tape around
Clean with these wipes
This handheld dresser works great
Good quality
Excellent value.
this is about the best cart around
Works great. Got it at 1/4 cost
Great for people who really want to "feel" what you're holding
Don't waste your money
Perfect fit and perfect size
They work quite well.
Good staples.
The best Marine glue is by 3M
Excellent coated wire.
Great PID for smokers
good stuff
Made of brass
Fits perfectly with my 20" big blue filter housing but...
Very disappointed with these calipers
Super strong. Crystal clear - you can't even see the epoxy
Nice kit with a handy case
I have no complaints.
Very Good product, bought two of them jsut in case...
All tests pass: 1. Static disapative surface measured in nS 2. Conductive and highly...
Superior product compared to what came with the original
Very difficult to read
Would be nice like I say I may should have shopped a little more
This is my 2nd unit
great stuff
The finish is rougher, and they don't go into wood as easily
Great stuff! Lube the garage door wheels
Great for holding e juice
Will re-order
Great Quality.
Needs to be water proof
Works for what I need it
works ok just a little flimsy but for the price and what i use it for
Good for making my AVR programing board
Very happy with the quality and finish
Does what it is designed to fo
these do not come with lids, you have to purchase those separately
Good for 3D printer
We like this product a lot
It works just fine but I don't appreciate the tactic
they seem to do a good job have...
they work as bolts
works fine
Totally unusable for my purposes
VERY WELL AND AT A REASONABLE COST
They work
These are GREAT screws
These are great for bathroom fans
works as described.
Works super on door hinges
Just as advertised.
I started sucking up bugs on the front porch
They do the job. Nothing fancy
Strong, sturdy hook & eye set
This has worked as intended
Good nailer
Greetings! -Very small -Very light
FOR WATER PROOFING MY FEMA TRAILER
These are great. I use them to...
Bought several sets of these
These gloves are pretty good
Not high quality but it is workable
Quite a large difference
Definitely light weight and soft
I saved a 3 year old $2200 Samsung refrigerator using this part
Works well.
What I needed
Nice to have a bunch...
Good combination of strong and flexible
I'm sure she would be an ENT
Just what I needed to trim out @ waterline...
The cable was actually alot smaller than I anticipated
Flouride-free toothpaste is difficult, if not impossible to find
These tongs are just ok
Heat shrink
I've used a lot of duct tape
Easy to use
I think this gun is a steal
Just what I needed
This is pretty good for one-way motor control
Quality product will last for years
Great vise
Zips shut like a zip-lock should.
The Bostitch brads are a good value for the money
Very soft and does not cut well at all
Nice assortment for the price
For simple tasks and project for the price
Works great as a replacement
I love 3M products
I will list everything below and highlight the inconsistencies with the product listing
The Koch brothers could probably use some more materials in these to make them far superior to the competition
I would definitely buy them again when i run out!
Simple but capable, compact radiation detector small enough to carry...
I like that they are very intuitive to use
These slings are NOT aspictured
I should have bought just the size nails I needed
This is the one to get.
at this point I am so tired of doing reviews...
My son has nothing but problems with his glasses being dirty
I use this 8 to 10 times a day
The best cable I have found
They do exactly what you expect
Great price, too.
great crimps however they do not look as pictured
It's rock solid
Worthless for my purpose
Just what I need for my for my...
Don't buy these
I pinched it several times simulating connects and disconnects
They are so awesome for this kind of stuff
This came with a pretty heavy plastic back so all you...
Great for coax and camera BNC connectors
Love my Sonicare
Good stuff. Using it to redo the weather seal lining...
I haven't used the clear adhesive RTV before
Great gizmo
This hose is stiff and will fight you every step of way
Perfect find
All metal construction that works smoothly
Looks good
Good quality
Very well designed instruments.
LOT of velcro
Great product for mounting an iPass
These work as described
I don't know what is happening
I'm glad that this is standard on digital calipers
Not washers.
Great product at a great price
Very handy, working great
Dissappointed with this as it...
I have a lot of pneumatic tools
Great for hard water stains and rust
good high quality heavy duty switch
I love how easy this is!
Great little guys.
Great!
I have ordered 4 of these for projects
These parts arrived fast
Love it!
Strong, heavy webbing, well-stitched carrying straps
Nothing bad to say the sign speaks for itself
Lots of development going on in my area
great product!
I needed to ground something something to my car at a...
Great cordless Shark vac
Very nice caliper
This type of steel safety can help...
works great for all handhelds that use the SMA connector
Nice to have a reserve.
We're still happy with it, though
Just what it says
I love the ease of putting...
A good tool helper to keep around
It can be hard to find...
Easy to use
Great food synthesizer!
Great value and would definitely buy again if/when the need arises
Works great. This is the...
I needed these for head to toes in nursing school
Not a major inconvenience at all.
Great replacement for a high water alarm
One star still to good for this POS
If you're the type to forget to cap the pH meter
It works for all practical purposes, and the coating is pretty tough stuff, just very thin
Permatex Silicone Sealer
Great!
Expected it to look differently
Staples feed well
It leaves no residue, no odor
Great momentary switch.
It protects the moving parts on our car doors and removes squeak
Best way to buy this type of glue
This is the second tube of the Smokin'
good tool
Better than regular duct tape
You can't beat these brads
Great little jack, purchased this to jack up a sinking...
Very unsatisfied
"Japanese Consumer Protection Agency"
Good product.
Knobs fit well. Items arrived early
A good product for the fermenting process
Nice glass mirror, good heavy quality
Good and sticky
Works well to bond dis-similar materials together
Works surprisingly well for detailing metal
Works good - rough but tough
I have no clue how i ever got along without it
Good quality and value
Great for my DIY ejuice
Great product and cost less than Lowes
Pure trash
It's a good investment for anyone with a drill press
Great deal for the selection and price
Requirement was to have sufficiently dry hands without easily tearing
Very good product but not top of the line
Nice in-between 4 mil and 10 mil
This little device gives you the basic information you want...
Rubbermaid...indestructible
Not only do these work for the hooks that usually goo...
Useful in situations where "normal" epoxy would break down due to temperature
A little harder to find this "crown type" staple in our local area
Good quality parts. No garbage threads
I rarely give an item 1 star, but this box deserves it
As described. No complaints
Nice to have.
I try to purchase as many products made in the...
Good buy, but difficult to read
I'm disappointed that I can't use it for what I wanted
A+
Excellent product and excellent price
'Made in the USA'
The wires are thinner than advertised - probably 28 ga.
They just peal and stick in place and don't come loose
These are nice looking brushes
Good quality plastic and easy to mount
So far it is still together
Great lens paper
Very inexpensive and works great
Im going to use this to store my wool futon mattress...
They work great for people like me who like to tinker around with stuff
Works as described.
Very nice filter
Best way to repair an air mattress hole of any size
Great for small mouths
Awkward to use
100% plastic, easily break-able if misused
Nice product.
Good quality and measuring marks
I am very happy with my purchase
I have a bin with tons of screws/nuts
Great dropper bottles
Great deal. Bring your friends!
Metal braces and seem to be working just fine
No complaints works really well if anything changes will update
I find this a better, more useful...
My husband orders these in...
So I ordered this as well and I'm quite happy b/c I feel it...
Grate buy for a hard to find item
Good for people with tooth sensitivity
It arrived on time this wheel dresser works real good well...
Works well and smells better than most...
These are my all time favorite
Works great. Used it for my first beer on my new...
Just as described
No complaints
They work well enough for what I paid for them
I found out that this is falsely advertised
Excellent did the job
It's a nice little gadget
This is an update: Date is 12/15/14
I am a gadget freak. Ive been called a hoarder
This is excellent file. I purchase other file set from Walmart very chip
Not as strong as traditional kinds
Broke after 6 months of regular use
good price
Easy to empty when the container is full
a nice product. It is on pretty soft and flexible
Good fitting, as I would expect
Works great for months
Love the blue, nice and dark
Works fine on helmet
Good for tightening knots
LED's
I keep these in the car, in the house...
Good watch glass
So far so good
cheap plastic and work as expected
Need something when it got wet
These are heavy and keeps things...
Don't be fooled by some...
great for a hobbyist or someone with a super first aid kit
It works great and although...
I had problems with nozzle jams with this filament
They take less space in a box
It DOES work for most basic measurements within the specified bandwidth
Larger than expected but that's good
So At first the vise seemed fine
Love these little bottles
great quality for a small job
I got my pair for just under $9...
Good quality inspection camera
I use these gluing difficult items
Perfect cleaning wipes
The sole purpose was to grind rust off his lawn machines
Does the job! Fits the can very well
Cleans the teeth and mouth
Great for storing AA and AAA batteries
I thought is book was awesome
I really like Lexi
Fantastic Christian Romance book. Amazing story line
It's not that everything that happens here has happened before in other books
This series gets better and better with each book
Wonderfully written!
Loved it!
So true and so, so, funny. I only wish it were longer
I like the characters, I like the setting, I like the way...
This is a change for her.....
THE LOVE STORY IS SWEET
I generally love Allison Brennan and while her books are never heavy on the romance
I want Harper Fox to write more (a lot more)
Ess un enfoque diferente sobre la fe, la perdida de esta y sus consecuen
Definitely worth getting if you like fantasy
The first book was footsteps in time
I love the first sex scene
Great ending
The best vampire romance in North America
This is the working of a really creative mind
Good works all around
Very entertaining and fun to play with a friend
It was okay but I don't plan to continue the series
This is an eBook and very well worth the price
Very nice edition
It was threaded into the story quite well. Some people will find it distracting
IT DOESN'T KEEP ME THAT MUCH INTERESTED IN IT
Great story with a great message
Every series about the impact of an...
I couldn't bring myself to care about this book
Gideon was hot and I enjoyed his story with Francine immensely!
I enjoyed this book enormously and read it in one sitting
I think it's because I'm a cop
Definitely gets imagination points...
True love in all its many forms, wins out
Our hired man gets all dressed up and attends the street church
The author is obviously talented and this could be a good story
Short stories to read
I really like Holly
I love it!
Good twist on a already great story
Today's kids in yesterday's world
Protagonist Misty Dawn (what an awful name!)
I really enjoy the story between Vanessa and Xavier
A cliffhanger is a terrible way to end something
Jesse & Alexi
This is such a lovely sweet story & explains the Guardian's Sword
Good read. I was surprised I liked it as much as I did
I like the fact of the time difference
This is a story about very insecure professional dancer Shanna York
The book isn't organized very well
Combining faith, love, and belief of God
This was my least favorite of the Rock Chick series
A very beautiful novel
I always found this game really easy...
what do you do when...
Cute and silly little book about an obnoxious gnome
The Ice Princess is a great short read
Very popular and very good text for the introduction of Greek and Roman mythology
Enchanting tale of two...
Enjoyable, but wordy
Great story about love and acceptance
The detail is great
They did a nice, thorough and very readable job
Great characters, great stories and really good quality writing
I love his approach to attacking debt and...
Great characters! Would love to read another
I've never disappointed with ANYTHING
Jo Beverly writes a good story
Best of all HEA
A great read!
I really admired Sloan, and loved to see her grow as each page was turned
Good story line. Worth the price
I have found no two denominational people in any of the four books of his that I have read
Hangman is a classic game.
It's a better book
Almost too short to really get any meat out of it
Saving Grace is in a desperate financial situation
I LOVE the Accidental Series
Very good book could not guess who the killer was
I love these puzzles
Easy to use Blackjack game with hints too
I hate there is no followup to Quinn
Great read, but I am disappointed that I can't find book 2.
This game has me absolutely addicted
I was sucked into the story immediately and quickly became attached to the characters
Not my typical read, as I don't usually pick up books that deal with children and death
I really like Ms. ODonnells stories especially this one
One of the more logically written, user-friendly manual companions for self-improvement available in book form
I loved the read.
This is just my 5th or 6th kindle
I loved it
I would recomend this series...
Delightful little short romance but yes it was too short
Short but sweet
Love this author
I was bored and looking for a good Science Fiction story
This is not a criticism
I had my own thoughts about max's story
I have used this book several times...
Prescott has more twists and turns than you can imagine
great content but really.....
Interesting concept. JG writes within sight
Great book and I enjoyed reading it a lot
Good story exploring forgiveness and trust
I would recommend Kindle to everyone who enjoys reading
Dante's Inferno
A great story.
Love ALL of Josh Graham's work
I love brain training games keeps you young
Mandy is determined not to marry Ashley McCandle
Very interesting and entertaining
I discovered, after downloading it that it only contained one month
Definitely a must read
Good card games!
This is a short story, and I am glad because I did not like it too much
Great e-book
I like this game.
Great book Allison Brennon
Glad I read it but I sm at a...
A good, light read
Not my favorite book because it lacked a little substance
I really enjoyed the read
I love the way she describes how hot Ross is
I love the characters and the way the author takes...
It's quick and easy to read
Not a book worth buying
"You really want to know what being an X-Man feels like?"
A great holiday romance read
The first book I have read by this author
I couldn't find anything to like about this book
Ash Rashid is a former homicide detective plus he is also a Muslim...
I agree with the positive reviews
What a wonderful book
Love this book!
Hot Zone is a fun story
The Last Resort by Valerie Douglas
Interesting of how closure came to two people
The new master of historical romances
Incomplete Revenge-Detective/Psychologist Dobbs again employs her learned and innate skills to solve mysterious crimes...
Badass Luke finally gets his girl!
It's an enjoyable, fun little book!
You will be happy you have it.
The Best Kept Secret of Christian Mission
The story was somewhat difficult to follow in places
I loved this book just as much as I...
I was rather disappointed in this book
This is actually the most expensive thing I've purchased for my Kindle
The lady was funny and witty
It is a light, short story
It is a marvelous example of how much can be done with plot and dialogue
It's the subplots that really grabbed me though
I enjoyed this book
Great book.
Fun little novella that is an entire story by itself
It is through those journal entries that the reader travels along with...
I enjoyed it, and will look forward to the sequel
If there had been a bit more meat...
It was so easy to get my formatting correct
Few books have touched and taught me...
I read this a long time ago
Scary in terms of potential happening
I didn't recommend.
Great read. I think she needs...
It was kind of boring at times and repetative
Loved Tabitha and Nik
It is an ok book
Love in a Bottle/a>
I am about 1/2 way thru the book
Good story with good description of the countryside
Good for beginners
Strange. No. Make that weird
Andrew Greys range series
THREE TIMES AND FIND IT MORE INTENCTS
A stand alone story
Good book when you are waiting...
Would I recommend it? Absolutely.
Very good story
He said he liked the story
very wow and no scoping those scrubs
Great read for anyone who likes to...
It's a nice little story
I also didn't love the H to be honest
SO MUCH IN IT
Ren Zel's character was first introduced in "Plan B"
A WALK IN THE SNARK, a collection of essays originally posted on her blog
"No blindfolds. Always wear a condom."
I love Smithsonian magazine because it takes an educational and sociological standpoint
Honestly this book didn't have a plot
This is my first book by this author
I cant believe some of the bad reviews here
Are some people destined to rescue others? Is it in their makeup?
Great story, so sweet
Ainsley's love story edge by danger
Commonly accepted research shows that people buy both on rational...
The description threw me. Thru the whole book I kept waiting for someone to be killed but no one did
I loved it
Very stale
A MUST read for those that love chick-lit and romance!
Several inaccurate time lines,3 weeks becomes next day etc
The story line was okay but it was...
Great book. Loved the surprising ending
I am a fan of Lorelei James Rough Riders Series
I love this book!
I've already learned some things about how to use my Kindle
It's hard to recommend this book
Dragon of the Dolomites
This was a rather pleasant albeit not really original yarn
I was annoyed by the main character, Meg
I didn't know what to make of this particular romantic tidbit
Loved Gray's persistence
Really a very good book
I enjoyed this book even though several things did bother me
Good game that requires a moderate level of thinking
A huge thumb up.
You can feel everything that each character is feeling!!
I really hate cwd stories
OK I did manage to make it as far as chapter 6...
We learned she has been in a mental hospital the last...
You will love it.
I would love to see what else Stella gets into after this
I think it does that because it puts you back in touch...
I got it free from Amazon for my Kindle Fire
Loved it.
"Julius Katz Mysteries"
A LOT of implausibiity in the set up and circumstance
Maya is the queen
FABULOUS!!
Funny if you ask me
This book was not only steamy, but it made me laugh
Our Legend is a Legend
What happens when a playboy dragon shifter needs to find...
I just hope these girls get it together cause there a mess
I love these tales
Very hot, very sexy
Fortunately for avid mystery readers, LAST CALL is not the last book in Ridley Brones world
Lori Brighton is excellent
Love this series!
Good series
I love me some kindle
Good read!
It is frustrating, but fun
I have brought this up...
This is an awesome book
It definitely is a mini series
Taken by Her Unforgiving Billionaire Boss
Great series.
Love BY THE NUMBERS is one of those book that the beauty of the book lies in the fine print, the quality of the cast and the
It's a good thing this was free
This is first in a series
No complaints once I got use to the rules
I'm seeing myself and others in new and fun ways
I am Joyfully Returned
As appetizers go, this one hits the spot!
What will football look like on an interstellar level?
Really great products and I appreciate their ministry
I loved it.
She is not the Fae princess she always thought she was
I found David McAfee absolutely fascinating!
A very clever psychological suspense thriller set in the indefinite future of a divided dystopian and extremely ugly USA
This is the first of Scot Gardner's books to be released in Canada
A great adventure
Well written - but no more than what is included at the end of Beautiful Chaos
Best commentary ever!!
Loved these stories
Really enjoyed this story and it's my first time reading any of Sophie Oaks work
Entretenida historia, que mezclando realidad con ficcin...
FREAKING AWESOME!
Definitely a very fast read
The Seeds of Turmoil gives one some biblical background on the Muslim, Jewish, Christian conflict
Great story. Solid writing actual plot
I really enjoy shifter books
The three most interesting books I have read recently concerned occupation forces during WWII
Great series!
I absolutely loved Az
I adore Becca!
I pray the Lord my soul to keep
I hope that it was true
This is a prequel to a full series
I really liked it, but I was skeptical...
Fast action and fast reading. Very enjoyable
I was happy to find the LDS scriptures available from Amazon for my Kindle Fire
I loved this book from beginning to end
Good book for anyone who likes Regency era historical romance novels
Lady Emma Eastons elopement to an elderly earl shields her from...
This is the story of Lady Sara St. James
Very enjoyable read.
A Sisterhood novel
A bit more lenient with this genre of books when rating them
Lisa Scottoline
Very satisfying and to the author's credit
Rosie was in an accident when she was 24...
It was OK but sort of weird good thing I didn't buy the book thank goodness for that yay
Great story, I was amazed, usually free books aren't very good this one had an...
I have read many books
I still would not call it great
Nice capture of the way things were a time back
Great story line. Keep the books coming
This is an excellent read for the genre
Love, passion, desire and unbreakable friendship
Predictable Victorian drama
A sweet love story
A little cursing and maybe some vulgar situations
A new reality series to hot for mainstream
I enjoyed this Book..
Good story, fleshed out characters
True North
This was my first foray into Patricia Briggs's werewolf society
This book is not for the faint of heart
I have yet to read a mermaid book
WRONG! WRONG! WRONG!
What it was like for her...
It's ok to like, not love for me, hence 3.5 stars
Not thrilling. There is not a lot of tension or excitement, none really
Fairview, like any resort, accepts the sometimes fickle nature of seasonal...
Great chess game for your kindle
Excellent historical diary about the introduction of tank warfare
I know these are about these ultra-controlling men who finally meet the woman that make them lose control
I really love the Myers character as a real person
Pigeon Tony
The formatting for this book was so terrible I gave up reading...
Not Something I would normally read
I always enjoy Russell's memoirs
Predictable, but enjoyable
Great reading.
It made me giggle so dang much
not my favorite reading material
I am having a hard time getting through this book
I loved Jenna Black's debut novel, Glimmerglass
Really funny book and I look forward to reading...
Carrabus' next book, a fantasy-based horse tale
It grabs you from beginning and doesn't let go
THOUGHTS I might sound...
I like your stories but reading them is painful!
I loved this short little story...
Good read but not very believable
Darynda Jones is probably my most favorite author
Great read, good storylines you are...
Bought a dozen or more
I am in love you have a new reader
This is the second book in a series
The Complete Mark Twain Collection
This was based in 1700's.
Good read!
The cover and blurb are great
The Oregon Trail is more of a travelogue than a story
This is a stand-alone story
Love the Edge series
I really enjoyed reading this book
I liked it but wasn't remotely blown away by it
Great read!
a thinking puzzle game
Fun, light read.
I love the story line of Josiah and Tommy
Love the Norse Gods
I really enjoyed this book
Great read, fast paste and very enjoyable
I'm usually quick at forming words
This is book 1 in a relatively new series
This is a FREE read
The Beekeeper's Apprentice
This book will have your emotions all over place
Taylor's story
I only wished it was the entire book...
I look forward to reading more books from this author
Very good start to the series
I liked it well enough I bought the second in the series
This was a pleasant book with a sweet but highly predictable love story
The whole story was cute
Rachel Myers Murder Mystery
It's an adrenaline driven roller coaster ride of suspense
I always appreciate learning about each survivor's experience
Terrans are being evacuated as the last flight out of town is...
I am really enjoying reading this version of the Bible
Cat is the driving force in her and Drew's sex life
One will never know the real feeling that one has after being in combat
Fun to reread this fairy tale
Very short read, but interesting
Great story, great characters, fun to read
"stupid women" books
This is toldin Alex's POV
This is a good book
This is the strangest story I have read in a long time
Great book for young and old
Very powerful story
I love this novel
This would be an awesome novella to check out
I like but I'm confused...
Great novel for fur trappers
"The Jury" does not rest on the success of previous additions to the series
I did not like the format
This is not for the under 18 crowd
Great recipe for dips and spreads
a spanish book
The Third Jesus: The Christ We Cannot Ignore
The Hathaway's are a wonderful family that I'm going to miss alot
This is the second book in the Unfinished Song Series
This was a fabulously fun read
Sweet and tender novella of an English academic falling for a big, tough, maybe-not-so-bright but-oh-
I found this mildly entertaining, but not enough...
I like it, too
Love essie polish!
Perfect for the day!
I am a middle aged woman and I remember this fragrance from way back when
This color is different than the bottle shown on Amazon
I have been using this product for past 3 years
This brush head is a lot more comfortable to use than the normal brush heads
This is my "upteenth" tube of this gel primer
I like all of them
Great product!
I have been liking it a lot
I'm big into skincare, but one item I usually avoid is eye cream
It's a great booster for my moisturizer
It worked like a charm
Very nice, non-greasy skin cream for head to toe use
The only reason that it loses a star
Easy to store in your purse
Performs as advertised
I think its overpriced
Love it and relaxes them at night
The scent is soft, not harsh
It smells very good while washing with it
They dry out my skin. Their smell is overwhelming
I cannot really give this product a yay or nay
I've got to stop getting nail polish on line
Not sure whether it was a good choice as there were not too many reviews at the time
The coverage is spectacular, but this product is likely not meant for...
I love the dark colors and and the brand
The body and shower gel smells very nice. It lathers well, and leaves the skin nice and clean...
I like the consistency, strong enough...
Oribe is an excellent brand.
This stuff lasts forever
I love these towels, they work wonder
Great for clearing up acne
Great for a shower gel
It seems to undo sun damage
I did not like this face wash and was pretty disappointed because I am a huge...
My skin tone is even and bright. This product is a must buy
Great balm and protectant for scars
I usually have a line and a bit of puffiness
La Roche-Posey
Vichy makes it so easy o keep your complexion clear and smooth
I like how thick this shampoo is
The only complaint I have.
Relatively inexpensive foundation
I am a man who will soon be turning fifty-three
Cleans off makeup, doesn't seem to strip my skin
This is a really pleasant way to protect your skin
It is easy to apply and no mess
We tried a few Dermablend products lately
I gave this bar to my husband to try out and review
Is it suppose to do anything but spray your face
I'm nearly 50 with dry skin
This would be a pretty effective concealer
I love the Juice Beauty Peel Sensitive
Burberry Brit for Women EDP
It is not fast absorbing and feels tacky until fully absorbed
This is not a sunscreen for swimming or water activities
Definitely recommend.
Love the way it feels and smells
New mascara brand
Love the scent this has
Butter London Top Coat
The item arrived on time
The best foundation I have ever used
Calvin Klein CK2 eau de toilette spray
I was curious if this would work for my purposes
Stretch marks are genetic so caveat emptor
I was worried about the concentration of oil in the product for my skin type
I don't like it, I prefer no scent or a light natural scent
a fairly long lasting bar with a nice, refreshing scent and a nice lather
I do like the light scent of this
I was not sure if I'd like it but after...
I like it has SPF 25 in it
I am embarrassed to admit that i did have trouble opening everything
Love this color
Dermablend's Compact Solid Setting Powder
works fantastic and feels great!
My skin feels soft and supple
It smells awful!
A small bottle, but a little goes...
It's a light pink but it shows up on my cheeks
This is a different type of serum than I've experienced previously
It should have been in the tube
Not a repurchase
Smooth, soft face
Love this line. Perfect for my mid-forties mild rosacea
Best wipes I have found
Perfect Mask!
The most agreeable sunscreen I've ever used
I'm very pleased with this product
This bronzer is the least orange and most neutral i found...
This is an incredible concealer
I have never used one that had vapors to it
My favorite body wash
It smells good and it feels clean
This is a more day time fresh out of the shower scent in my opinion
A nice matte finish
Very pleased with this
I have noticed a softening of lines around my eyes and forehead
Great cleanser
Great replacement disc
Great pencil for eyebrows
It's WAY too thick and left my skin NOT feeling fresh but oily
It's a cheap luxury
Easy to apply and fast drying
It's AWESOME!
Not happy at all with this product
I realize what all the rave was about
Not a sunscreen but a tanning gel
It can almost be a unisex fragerance
It's OK but kind of bland
The LumaRX has a rechargeable battery station
Beautifully packaged
The best stuff ever! I've bought this many times
for my this need to work no matter that
Works nicely to firm and smoothen skin
Very pleased!
Nice color
This still feels like a regular lotion
Good primer for me
Great for oily skin
I'd recommend it as a gender-neutral body wash
I've purchased many facial creams on Amazon and reviewed most of them
a family member loves it
It is the genuine thing
I fell in love with the smell and how...
It looks youthful & dewy and feels very soft to touch
I love it.
Count me in as continued customer
Am pleased with both products...
Good moisturizer, but not an overall moisturizer
Very happy with this cleanser
Love the scent.
This is just as lovely as the first one
This is one of the premier products form the Obagi skin care line
I have never used any Julep mascara before this testing opportunity arose
Eyes can age quickly- especially tired mom eyes
These self-tan erasers are nicely shaped for getting in between toes and...
Love how bright the color is
The best I've ever used
Not as astringent and unpleasant as other products
Don't look like a clown
Best sunscreen face cream I have ever tried
I've never used a creme gel eye liner before
The jar contains 60 adorable purple blebs
Works well but I didn't notice any firming effects
This is probably the thickest and most moisturizing commercial body butter I've tried
I like that it will be a cheaper alternative over the long run
I love the LumaRx women's foil shaver
I'm outdoors for a good part of every day so sun damaged skin is always a cause for concern
Good for sporadic spot treating
Great for incipient headaches though
Juice Beauty Stem Cellular Cleansing Oil offers a deep cleansing experience
It does feel kinda good and I guess it doesn't tug on the skin like your finger might
One of my favorite products ever!
My acne didn't improve but didn't get worse either
A little bit goes along way
Great cologne
Great shave soap.
Good eye cream!
I'm convinced it's the best brand available
It's not white nor sticky
I tried it but was not as impressed
Great eye & face product
So long lasting, not drying, low transfer
Good smelling cologne
I've tried a variety of eye creams and gels over the past few years to try to help...
Great for travel! No more carrying small bottles...
Good for those sensitive to chemicals
My skin feels amazing! First full day of using this im in love
Great product. Very sensitive eyes/eye area
For me, I began to see smoother skin in 3 months with their Day Cream
Lightest illuminator I've ever tried
Love this scent on my husband
Works nicely to smooth skin and make pores smaller
I have combination skin that has been the bane of my existence for years
Really loved the product as its anti-aging effect was very quickly visible
I hate this.
The La Roche-Posay Pigmentclar Dark Eye Circle Cream
Salicylic acid is the ingredient that fights acne
Works great on my skin
Pure Ahava
Very effective moisture delivery system by SkinMedica
This really does fill...
Perfect for night creams
I LOVE IT!
My make-up regimen is a simpleface washing followed by&nbsp;a data-hook="product-link-linked"
I love all of Mario B.'s other products
I like the results and that's all that really matters
This might not be the product for you
must have!! works brilliantly and makes my polish lasts longer
Good for night time
I use matte during the summer and...
I love skincare products and L'Occitane
It's a mild, fresh scent
I haven't seen any visible results, but I've only used a week
Wonderful for this dry, crisp weather that autumn ushers...
It works pretty good on it and does accomplish what it promises...softer hair with shine
It really does help my skin stay happy
I love this straightner
Makes it shiny and not frizzy
Exfoliation fixes it all
Better luck with Dermablend's powder than with its foundations
I like this serum, and notice a definate difference in the skin on...
This body cream is thick and rich and scent-free
Good stuff... All Proraso products are simply the best however...
I've tried transculcent powders in past and have not been happy with them
Love this perfume!
One of the better(if not best) Jack Black products I have tried so far
Too much of anything and my hair looks like its a matted down mess
Wife reports that this serum did make her skin feel smoother and softer, but didn't really do...
Great shave oil
Best mascara product there is. Love this stuff
Nice changeup from my regular cologne
Good cleanser! Gentle but thorough
Great colors! When used with my LED light
I love peppermint toothpastes
This hairdryer comes with attachments that either...
"Made with cpr technology..."
A lot of this product was wasted in the bristles
I like this skin care kit
I wish I'd tried this product years ago
Great pigmentation, it's a very bright pink
incredibly effective moisturizer
It really blends away your pores somehow
It works well, and did not cause any irritation
It feels light and comfortable on my combination skin
Good razor. Well made and very smooth
A huge money saver
I wish this product had worked out better
This smells heavenly
This is a great everyday basic
Biotec Skin Energising Cleanser
Perfect Cover Creme *with SPF Foundation
Great product indeed.
Very pleased with the results
I like blush alot
Awesome product! Baxter does it again!
It's a thick serum, with an earthy scent and an orange color
Very sharp scent kind of like a perm
Good luck with this bronze stick
Works really well, very happy with it
This is an excellent primer
I have smelled very similar fragrances for less
Works very well!
A bit baby-powderish
I've never tried this brand at home
I'm going with magic. Really good razor. Your mileage may vary
Great product and price
Very nice clippers
It's easier to dab it on your face and work from there
It smells like honey, but not too strong
The scent is pleasant, without being overwhelming
Great for sensitive skin
I thought this was a good buy but I am not sure...
My skin is indeed brighter
A nice sunscreen with just the right amount of tint
Smooth Smoothing Primer SPF 15
I like the texture of this foundation
Very thick, it works well to soften your feet
Perfect for most mens' hair styles
I think this product works okay - after using it for a bit
Great for curling irons
Wonderful color! All my clients love this as overlay on...
I do not feel like it has made much of a difference
I bought this to see if shellac would come off easier
Great Make-up Remover
I really like the nice manly fragrance
It's a well made...
I wonder if this stuff would work and it does
I don't care for this dry shampoo powder
The significant other's skin is a little bit darker
Very moisturizing, bordering on oily and a little sticky
The best for keeping clean
It works really well for when and where I need it most
Love this color!
I was really impressed by how well it went on and how smooth it made my skin feel
This product is really lightweight, non greasy, and leaves...
This fragrance fits the bill
It stings a bit when you use it
This is much milder than the Clinique brand I am using
I love this stuff, I use it...
Better self-tanning product than usual
This review is for the tool only.
It's a little off putting appearance wise
Don't burn with this stuff
Great for sensitive skin.
Excellent results from this vitamin C L-ascorbic acid
Love the scent and although have reactive skin do not find these irritating
Easy to apply formula
Highly concentrated and works well to clean my oily face
The best feeling stuff that I have come across in ages
Works great for tight curls
Clean and light, and fades quickly
A little goes a long way
I love this cleanser!!!
My hair is thin, straight and short
I have had no adverse effects on my skin from this product
Great moisturizer
Not overpowering or cloying
I like it too.
It doesn't hold a style to any significant degree
Its fairly light and not at all overpowering
I really like this cleanser! It is like nothing else I have ever used!
Beautiful color. You won't regret your purchase
Great product!
Its hard to tell if it helps
This is the fourth product I've tried by this brand
It does have a floral smell, but it's harsh
Good on my skin.
Works good around the hair line
a pleasant, refreshing body scrub
Butter LONDON nail polish
Tizo Non-tinted facial mineral Sunscreen Primer is a godsend!!!
Very elegant packaging, but I don't like the bottle design so much
Not sure what all the hoopla is about this product
I really like this Sun Screen because it is so light on the skin...
A huge hit with my teenaged nieces
Love it!
It could feel more like a scrub...i don't know that it removes many dead skin cells
Made my hair feel very silky and shiny
The size of the bottle, the price and the way it works don't make me want to purchase again
The scent is deep and mature
Great for a light product in the summer
I got this eyeshadow crayon in Baroque
The largest size body lotion I have seen from Crabtree and Evelyn
Its quick to dry, and will leave your skin smooth, and looking and feeling refreshed
Best eye-liner for me
A good product!
Not as much in pore refining though
VERY thick and long hair that is frizzy and unmanageable
Very exotic smelling body cream
It is a great neutral color
Very good for a.m.
Great for thinning and fine hair
It's a good match for me
Good for puffy circles
It works just fine even with my light tone
I like that this set came in an attractive decorated tin
Good because sweat is your body's way of getting rid of toxins
a very nice change-up from my usual Arko Ivory Snow-smelling...
So, as I was searching the internet one night for a product to help my adult cystic acne
This did not work well on my fine shiny hair
Love this glitter polish
I really like this powder
A rather thick/viscose creme
This is an absolutely gorgeous set. I especially love how compact everything is
I really like this shower gel
It curls better and faster than any other curling iron
Very nice
This would make a really great gift
Worth it
This is a tiny pump container of sunscreen
This does nothing but cause your existing hair to turn an off share and feel like straw
Very creamy and goes on smoothly with very little effort
Eye Serum is very light and is rapidly absorbed under the eye
Looks much better in person
This is soap free, yet it leather nicely
I would LOVE this product if it wasn't for the strong scent
Works very well with any polish
Toleriane Teint Hydrating Watercream
I'm VERY sensitive to scents
This is the most interesting formula I've used on my hair
I could not be more impressed with this Rituals brand
This serum is thicker than most serums
I gave this to my husband and...
This works just fine for me about 60-70% of my visible pores
I would recommend this product!
Very emollient!
Derailment full coverage makeup
I can't comment on how this mask works in terms of cleansing yet
I have the opportunity to use a variety of makeup primers
This is like the golden age of contouring
Best smell that lasts days
Make sure that you blend first for the best results
smells good and has a lavender tint that is great for diminishing some brass
This gel does leave your skin feeling clean
Easy to burn if you're not careful
This is a very fancy tube of lotion!
It really has a luxe look about it
I have VERY sensitive skin (breakouts,...
I was not happy when I discovered the first ingredient is alcohol
This one is a true brown and doesn't pull any of those unwanted tones when...
a fairly simple vanilla - especially simple for Montale
Really nice on my face at night
I don't really wear heavy mascara very often
It's a luxurious beauty lotion
This color looks great with my warm toned, fair skin
Gelatin like mask. It really keeps your skin super moist
Very Light, Not Very Moiturizing Conditioner
Good product.
I've used this product for over 8 years
Very strong and in my opinion too strong for a woman
Another winner from Dermablend
It seems to be a great product
My hair felt super soft and shiny
Very creamy so it really needs to be applied with your fingertip
I didn't really like the scent, in any case
a pretty bottle, although rather small, and it smells nice and moisturizes well
This Old House is a magazine dedicated to home improvement
I love the Magazine
Beautiful makeover feature? Honey...
I enjoyed it. It had some information on weight loss, success stories and recipies
This is a wonderful magazine if you are a fan of Country Living
Great magazine to cross generations
Love cooking for family!
Discover is a very successful magazine, and it acheived that success with a formula that owes as much...
Wife loves it
It is good bathroom or break room material
I love Reader's Digest
I do like the craft suggestions and pages
Very informative, thought provoking and downright educational
I get this every year for my husband
A good general dog-lover's mag
Seventeen is a great magazine for bargain shopppers
Classic magazine look forward to it every month
The price was right
Great for couples quizzes.
Good Stuff
Natl. Geo.
National Geographic shines above all else as a benchmark for quality, and photojournalism
I love glamour mag
This is an ongoing problem. Don't lose your money like I did
Great magazine for chefs and about food network
I barely even open it anymore
New York Magazine is on top of publishing new reviews about the coolest or oddest new restaurants in the neighborhood
A unique feature in this magazine is the Recipe Index
I wanted to give my husband an auto magazine
We enjoy reviewing the different and unique...
One of the main reasons why I choose to read Scientific American each month
The only thing going for it is the context
LOOOOOVE this magazine
Great magazine! Arrived sooner than I expected and has wonderful info
Time a lot
Cooking Light has great recipes
W is a magazine of women's interests
Wired is now a magazine that I look forward to reading
"Dwell" is my favorite of all the design magazines I read regularly
This was sort of a test, with little in-depth info
Great article for my wife
I was disappointed with this magazine
Perfect gift for the little ones!
Not sure if I'd order again
Great magazine, amazing price.
Too much gardening info for my taste
It is hard to tell the advertising from the articles
A pretty good magazine for those who enjoy the finer things in life when...
Love this magazine and so do the two co-workers who got a...
Ok, but not great.
Great read with lots of videos
Elle Decor is my favorite interior design magazine
This one actually has articles worth reading
Good stuff for the price
Beautiful periodical with beautiful photos
Great ideas. Wonderful recipes. Lovely photographs
My two friends loved this present
Great reading, interesting articles about unusual places to go
Wine Spectator is a good wine magazine that seeks to keep the reader informed...
I would recommend this if you like "high-end" menu ideas
Car and Driver is great
Great subscription. We love it
I don't have the same desire to cook
Good for the rest of us
What a fun magazine to receive every month
It boggles the mind
The weekly bible of everything entertainment, from movies, TV, music...
Great magazine for any one who loves the bicycle
Cons: Forbes does an excellent job at delivering succinct articles about business, economics, and stocks
Some of the articles are pretty silly
Discover packs a lot of understandable and rather advanced topics into an interesting...
Backpacker magazine offers the known and lesser known hikes
Love this magazine for several years
LOVE IT
These are renewal only for older son's birthday and a continual birthday gift
I love this magazine, but I love reading about traveling
I like this magazine
The Kids recipe section encourages young cooks to participate...
Not possible to read on Kindle or Android
Nice magazine
A hit in my book!
GREAT read HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
SciAm is a sad, pale, echo of that once great journal
Love it.
Advertisements
Good and bad issues
really like reading People Style Watch
Cosmo is one of my favorites
This is another issue that Im well aware is most likely going to change within 7-10 days
Love this magazine! My mom is from the south and I...
It's an instant little vacation
keeps me in touch with the rich and famous
nice to use magazines
It is not a magazine written with an eye towards adventure
This is a great improvement over Elizabeth Mayhew
Perfect distraction when I am running on the treadmill
The item came in excellent conditions, well packed
Ok magazine.a lot of the reciepes use ingredients
GREAT INFORMATION AND TIPS
Easy to read with great photos
Good magazine, but I just wanted to cut down on the excess of magazines that I had being delivered
This is the first issue of Wired
Very pleased to recommend
This is a great magazine for those who are though
Best teen mag on the market
NOT WHAT IS USED TO BE
This is a great easy enjoyable read
Saveur is filled with nostalgia and entertaining food adventures
Great magazine with great recipes
This was given as a gift, but I won't be renewing...
The teens love the magazine in our home
I've always thought of Sunset magazine as the type of magazine you'd find in...
Good investment.
I like this one the best
Rachael
What a wonderful magazine!
A great magazine for kids!
This Magazine has EVERYTHING...
I've already subscribed to American Scientist
Good source of new movies, TV shows etc.
Lovely photos and great recipes
at the young age of 23 i founded 4 different business all 4 i have made a profit on
I used to subscribe to "Taste of Home"
Awesome magazine to learn lots about what's going on in America...
Interesting articles but odd recipes
I prefer Instyle more
Lesson learned
Excellent Value!
It has a feature that is important to me
I'm not a southerner
Well worth the money
Great magazine for little kids
have to pare down money and time issues
I can not tell to what type of audience this is truly meant for
My wife likes to look at the desserts
Nice magazine. Maybe a bit...
Excellent reading for the armchair traveller
Good Housekeeping
I love motorcycles
Nice pictures and some good recipes
Every month its the same thing, how to have sex and how to loose weight
I think it would actually be about the American Cowboy and the life they live
I like it because of the fantastic photos and the superb writing
The economist is one of the best magazines available today
Love this magazine
Have always appreciated the wine articles
Fabulous at Every Age
The National Geographic Traveler is published eight times a year
Cook's Country
I agree with some of the less flattering reviews of this magazine
GQ is a frontrunner in its genre
Beautiful homes throughout the year keep me renewing my subscription
I really recommend Redbook as a gift for yourself
EXPENSIVE
The hat, not so much
Good price.
I have always liked House Beautiful
Best car magazines of the time
The end of the year issue making predictions for the next year is very broad and interesting
The perfect magazine to "take me away
Love this magazine
i love this magazine
Something new and exciting
The Artist's Magazine is full of advice and ideas for anyone studying art
Great magazine.
Super headlines
Pretty great service
I like TV Guide to plan my viewing
The New Yorker
LOVE IT BECAUSE OF THE STUNNING PHOTOGRAPHY THROUGHOUT THE MAGAZINE!
great gift for the sports lover
I feel like...
Great magazine -- none better
A very good tool to keep people motivated...
This is a magazine I purchased as a present for a coworker and...
I love Mother Earth News because there's...
A great magazine. We generally read it cover to cover
Delicious, inspiring, magical ideas
Great for the budding chef (think college student gifts)
It is amazing how stupid we are trying to make our girls
The gear reviews are why I buy this magazine
Great ideas for any homeowner
Great magazine. Great ideas & recipes
My span actually is less than 30 seconds so I really like this magazine
This is my favorite news since business really does make everything else possible
It's great
ok, articles not for young readers
FUN to look thru
O continues to be a well written, informative yet entertaining view of the world...
I subscribe to this magazine for my husband and both...
Thanks for more successful things to try!
Not many magazines can take you around the world
This lovely magazine is a treasure
OK but nothing special about it
National Geographic continues to amaze me each and every month
Great magazine.
Too low class or something. I just don't get it
Elle magazine is a fashion lover's dream
Men's Journal is a decent magazine full of varied topics of interest to men
National Geographic style
Thank you for the first issue
I've been subscriber to Parents magazine for years
Conde Nast editors at Teen Vogue just publsihed an article promoting Anal Sex
You like guns? get this!
Great for kids
I don't think it's right to be charged twice
The New Yorker keeps me up to date
It is great.
Love this magazine and would definitely recommend to anyone...
This magazine is so inspiring and full of great information
"People Magazine" is not meant to teach you anything
I know some reviewers question the validity of the text
this is a wonderful magazine that has wonderful tips on everything useful...
I love to cook. I am not a professional by all means
Not a bad magazine
Very interesting and informative
Kiplinger's Personal Finance is a worthy challenge to Money Magazine for a...
Good travel info and stories
"Kiplinger's" is inexpensive, timely, and authoritative
TRAVEL & LEISURE
a versatile magazine that showcases both cheap and high end clothes/beauty products
My favorite health magazines
Food Network but I can't say that I like this magazine
Not one of those magazines.
Good magazine but I can read it for free at library
Great magazine love the recipes I tell all my friends
Very informative and helpful when looking to buy items
Great Magazine for funny facts
Good Housekeeping makes its money on advertising
Love this magazine!
I love it
VERANDA is one of the most beautiful and stylish U.S. shelter magazines today
Lucky is filled with spreads of different styles of clothes, accessories, make-up
This magazine should be named "Franchises"
Almost always full of fantastic receipes
Better Homes and Gardens
The Atlantic has scaled down and axed the fiction section...
Good, solid articles on all aspects of life
New items to review
Many ideas and very informational to plan family activities
Good advice in the magazine
Not exactly sure why, but they do not want it anymore
Inspiring and beautiful magazine
Sports Illustrated
Brother in law loves it
This is a very nice magazine and I really do like it
Good magazine. Interesting articles and timely advice...
Love the design.
Bonnier is not my recommendation for a Magazine subscription provider
Very Interesting. Discover articles are always informative
Love this gift!
Did not find Health magazine was the one for me
Definitely not very many clean and modern interiors featured
Love this magazine....so much to read
Antoher great favorite
Great for real people living real lives
Parents is a great parenting magazine!
My wife and I are voracious readers. We read the papers every day
Really sad seeing these guys who were only 19 and they had their whole life ahead of them still
It's a good magazine but not really necessary
Great magazine. Filled with very pretty pictures and great ideas
GH is one of my favorite magazines since I was a little girl
Oprah was a $5.00 magazine for one year
Always good...
This is a beautiful magazine and feels like you are at the beach
gossip magazine is a gossip magazine
It is expensive. No matter how you get it
I HATE the digital version!
We want science and fact - not fiction
All the up to date news in the world of Science
The beauty and fashion tips are still good, though
I've learned so much from this magazine
It's a great read
GH is wonderful, interesting, inspiring, etc.
SAME problem with POPULAR MECHANICS magazine
It's not Martha Stuart fancy!
Very nice pictorials too
I feel that many reviewers have unrealistic expectations for this magazine
great magazine with pictures and stories
Popular Science is a beginner's science publication
The Cosmo Sex Poll - 6,000 Horny Guys Tell All
I found the magazine to have many interesting articles and departments
Very inspiring.
I tried to correct this very early on with no success
Great read for tech stuff
My husband LOVES this magazine
Redbook is a forward-looking magazine that for me never disappoints
This is like Time on steriods
No Magazine to be seen
I like the content but it seems...
The New Yorker does set the standard
Beautiful magazine
I love this magazine
"Esquire Magazine" stands out as a periodical with substance, style and intellect...
Girls' Life is targeted to ages 10-15
Great magazine with pretty, creative idea's for the whole house
OK magazine but will not reorder
This was a gift last year
Cheap price
This magazine is such a disappointment
It's a nice mix
Great Magazine! I love the articles from all over...
WOMAN'S DAY once had multi-generational appeal
"How to Make A Baby Without Loosing Your Guy"
Fabulous
Love this magazine
New topics I had not thought try
I got this for my grandma
Oprah's magazine
Good for beginners
A great price.
Great Magazine.
I LOVE reading US on my down time
I hope this magazine never goes digital-only
I am very happy with the Amazon magazine subscription process
Great gift for under $10
Excellent Magazine
Great articles plus a good price for a subscription
Cook's Illustrated is not the Amazon subscription or subscription policy
The problem I have is none of the recipes really appeal to me
Great little magazine.
Better Homes and Garden
I'd found it with this -- I was wrong
I was surprised by the stunning depictions of different islands...
my husband insists on having this magazine above all others
The less famous READER'S DIGEST
Great magazine!
The content was enjoyable
I will always love it!
I enjoy the read
Beautiful photography. Excellent paper and color separation. Very fine editing
Better Homes has up to date, yet practical ideas...
This friend is NOT a guy
No 'deep read' articles
Did not like this magazine
Cancelled subscription
Great magazine that covers every subject
Good mag but no exactly on the pulse of my life
Good family recipes (that don't take hours to make) and lifestyle tips
'Fortune' often has useful articles...
It's a free issue on the Kindle Fire
Pop-Mech is the necessary bookend to Pop-Sci
Gone are the great tales of survival and adventure
I have bought this publication for many years...
We love this magazine
I LOVED this magazine for all of...
Good thing I got it cheap
Vogue is one of the premier magazines for women
This is mostly my wife's subscription, so this is mostly her input
Forbes is fringier in its offerings
I think I might like this magazine better than cosmo
I read this magazine for leaderships of companies before I invest stocks
It has had many helpful tips. Good suggestions
A bit too much advertising...... But otherwise enjoyable
It targets married women with kids
I'm not a tea or coffee person
The Economist
Love Family Circle Magazine!
The price is right and for $10...
I love Food Network and I look forward to the show
What I really like about the magazine is that its clean
I am giving Esquire four stars because it is so cheap and occasionally features well...
Great magazine for our era of hyperactive technology
It's a great resource if you are NOT a techie
A lot of magazines
Wonderful Magazine Publications
Love the reviews and stories.
Just a note for those interested in subscribing
It's a mix of a tabloid and a fashion magazine
Love Country Living!
Good magazine with lots of small articles
Cool stuff to inspire me
The Economist's coverage of politics and current events
Great magazine for coworkers
My first issue arrived within a month and had some interesting articles
Easy to read magazine
I really enjoyed Self magazine for many years
Very cool and informative
You know the magazines; they need not be mentioned here
This is a nice twist from the everyday magazines
this is helpful with recipes and suggestions to stay on track
A favorite of mine
Cook's Illustrated
Love the recipes, gardening and decorating tips
Very affordable. I highly recommend subscription
Pretty good magazine. 5 stars because it is a mens magazine that does not exploit women every month
It's not that $18 is expensive
Great deal and my wife loves it
Good Housekeeping has it all - wonderful recipes, health tips
Good mix of articles
The same as Maxim magazine
A great magazine to stay informed on the entertainment world
Good for my wife.
Good magazine with quite a few great ideals and cute updates
GQ has been around for a long time and has changed over the years
Oprah
This is a modern and youthful style that blends old and new
Not sure all of the recipes are "light" but they do...
Good magazine for my husband and I
Very nice magazine
Good movie
A real classic comedy
Awsome movie especially this version
I don't like Seven. All who recommend it say it's a good film and that...
Kristen, Kincaid and Joey are living lives as normal teenagers
Gattaca is disturbingly around the corner
Steven Spielberg's epic film that brainwashed the world...
my left foot is a wonderful movie it shows people that...
_Good Will Hunting_ has much to recommend
The cast is full of familiar faces at beginning of their careers
This was adorable and funny
The step-sister of "An American Werewolf in London"
Historically accurate this in your ganeckdagazoink
This film is one of those rarities where a child will be entertained
This is a great Movie! Entertaining, plus listens learned
Great example of how science fiction films should be produced today in Hollywood
It's a four star masterpiece
I found the acting to be a little inconsistent...
One of the greatest dramatic series of all time
I've never gotten along with Robert Altman's movies
Great for Halloween parties...
Not the Dalai Lama at his finest
this movie is made in 1992,i was 12...
This movie has nothing to do with the game
It has great actors in it too
Glad I made the purchase
I seriously don't get the appeal of In Dreams
The film needs no introduction, a true classic
good
I am a Johnny Depp fan
Absolute Classic! Every teen/pre-teen should see this movie
It's a classic action adventure movie
a classic movie
This is a masterpiece by any standard
a classic of it's kind
The TV Series was Better
This is a movie that probably most people can relate to
This is one of those movies you never get tired of watching
Fantastic! The scenery is Fantastic
This is the least of my favorites of Wes Anderson movies
The last Elm St. movie worth watching
Great Bob....thanks for your timeless humor
I do like the Japanese horror movie genre
This is a sci-fi movie you just must see
Who in the world would not like this movie
I have been a Scientologist for over twenty years
One of my favorites of all time
Fantasy is translated to either the hobbits or Disney
The film is an absolute masterpiece
Hitchcock at his finest.
It is one of those films that transcends itself
creepy in a dark comedy sort of way
It's about a cop who specializes in hunting down robots
Good movie to see if you want to gain a little knowledge of Irish history
I recommend it.
Great movie with lots of action and a great soundtrack
It's pretty good and the drug scenes might give you flashbacks
Great movie with a great message
What a great groupie movie
A good adaptation of American Psycho
beautiful, endlessly fasciniating
Cliche after cliche
the date of this movie is 2007.
I BOUGHT THIS MOVIE AROUND...
I saw this movie when it...
I was disappointed by the ending when it first came out
a lot of funny things about boys and our games
Not as much of a favorite to me as Dracula or bride of Frankenstein
Good actor and good script
My kids watch this show over and over
good thing that didn't happen because...
Great romp
I love sci fi action movies
The Mummy is slow paced but ultimately quite a thrilling film
You have to judge this for yourself
What a great Movie!!
Love this movie!
The year was 1971. It appeared that the justice system was geared to protecting criminals more than their victims
Best family film ever made
It was a very romantic movie
I love this movie
A must-see.
This is another excitng movie...
sarcastic and grumpy
Its an average film, in some ways maybe below average
It's a movie that really did surprise me with some of the jokes they were getting away with while keeping everything PG
Fantastic movie...reminds me of my own childhood growing up
I've seen this movie more than 15 years ago
Very effective, optimistic, and visually appealing film
great family movie for little kids
It's a miracle that this movie was ever made at all
It is still worth watching
This must be the best Western ever made
Not the normal war film
Long,slow and beautiful. Clint at his best
Love this movie!
Great Movie about the Spitfire
Maybe more a film for our time now, than for...
I wish that I could say the same about this one
This is a great DVD to add your collection
The Road Warrior
The movie is based on a real life occurrence of a tunnel accident...
This was a terrible movie
Jack Jack Jack
Love the story and great for Sunday afternoon TV
One of my favorite movies
A great horror movie
OK
I had remembered watching this when I was...
The main character's predictably socialistic inclinations made him less likeable
Great movie
This is one of those.
This movie was recommended to me over its remake...
Very happy with quality received
It gave me goose bumps.
This is one of my favorite films
A true science fiction classic
This is definitely one of the great ones, ever...
Great movie on blu ray
Best science-fiction film of 1997 and one of the best of all time
Great story.
This is one of my top ten favorite movies
Great movie no doubt!
it hits home on so many levels
Great movie!! A real Classic
A Knight's Tale
I know, Oliver Stone's perspective
dated film delivers a non stop rollercoaster all it's own
One of Alfred Hitchcock's most devoted fans
A good action movie with great actors
Nuff said!
What a movie!
It has become vindicated by time
The Glass opera is an extra
A lot of friends like the end
This movie is definately for you
Doris Day is one of the most incredible actresses
"Dirty Harry"
I love to analyze movies
Love this film!
a virtual manual on how to wage an urban guerrilla war
A movie I believe gives people some real good insight into the afterlife
Suspenseful
accompaning write up mentioned Special Features
This is a great change of pace for Hitchcock fans
It's Roger Rabbit in reverse
oldie
It's A Wonderful Life...
Heart breaking story. Great story lines
Horror Movies from the 1980's are the best
Best Sci Fi action movie!!!!!
The Snoop Sisters
Great special effects, but no real substance
Very low budget film, basically filmed...
CLASSIC!
Good movie. Follows the book exactly.
This DVD is a classic SciFi action plot
The kids love his silly costumes
Brash, highly verbal, adaptable to physical comedy
The sappiest of all Christmas movies
Excellent rating for content and quality
A very scary potrayal when ignorant people are given even...
GATTACA is a 1984-style tale of a dystopian future
It's a classic. Fun magical and campy
I love it every time!
well done and well acted..
The original Highlander film
Love to se it over and over again
So many quotable lines in Holy Grail
The acting was not all that great but I still watch it...
Demi Moore's tortured screams of "Noooo! Noooo!"
I love this movie. Primarily because...
I still recommend this film to anyone who is a fan of movies from the 50's
This completes my families top 10 ranking of animated Disney movies
Not as simplistic or poorly done a film
One of the greatest pop albums ever made
was fun to see the man get his...
One of my favorite movies
I love that they didn't end up together
I was spoiled by the superior production values of...
The best of the original series...
The best movie of our time
Classic Movie
Another one of my all-time favorite movies
Best movie of all time
Wonderful story, but saturated with gratuitous profanity
A great Kevin Costner movie
How far would you go?
Loved this movie
I thought it was a different movie
My kids grew up on it and now my grandkids
This is one of the best endings to a horror film
A formulaic plot that rises above through good dialog, great actors and great direction
Old-fashioned? Yes. Not quite real?
Uptight guy by chance meets quirky girl, she brings...
where you are a stepmom or stepdad
The best of the series
Blade Runner Ultimate Collector's Edition blu ray
great dvd
I bought this used so i wasn't expecting perfection
Robin Williams' best movie performance
Probably I would prefer this film to have more art and less sex
I love holiday traditions, especially ones for Christmas
Very well written and very well presented
Just keeps getting better
SUSPENSE? My behind sucked up half the seat cushion
It looks amazing in bluray
It has its moments, but...
HAS A COLLECTION OF HIS MOVIES N HE WAS MISSING THISONE
Some funny bits and also a bit sad
It was well worth the money. One of my favorite movies
Dolores Clairborne
One of Pacino's best films
The worst part of this film is that it lays the assassination of Kennedy...
Very impressed with this version of the restored HD Highlander Blu-ray
John Ford western on Blu Ray
I love this movie
A favorite of author Gore Vidal
a wonderful British comedy ensemble of Graham Chapman, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, Michael Palin, etc.
Outstanding movie and DVD
We watch this movie every year...
I doubt Kurt Russell spoke more than 60 words in the entire film
Great story line and performance!
"The Bodyguard" starring Kevin Costner and Whitney Houston
Paul Newman at his finest
Good luck!
i got it -owens
I love this story
I am sure they too will enjoy it
Blade Runner was a Box Office flop when it originally debuted in 1982
I would recommend the dvd and seller
The people who are giving this movie a bad review are just crazy
It is an old-fashioned musical
DEMI IS HOT HOT HOT!
It's a very strange movie
Irrrefutabily one of Scorsese' Masterworks
I was truly disappointed with this movie in...
Classic Edwardian masterful plots in this funny and dramatic back time-travel
It was not exactly what I had expected
The first half deals with the loss of a child at a school reunion
wonderful movie.... in great shape
The delivery time was in perfect time
Great movie, with familiar actors
Another classic that is just unforgettable
My previous theory was that Mr Scott changed his movie because he wants to be taken seriously as an Artist
Originaly a parody of Lewinsky "situation"
DYNAMITE
Great movie
It's quite a good movie
I have never spent much time actually playing any of the Resident Evil series
This is one of the greatest films ever made
If you like Albert Brooks, you'll like this
The movie is good, but it could have been great
Sweet, sweet movie
My daughter seems to watch this film over and over without getting tired
Is this a good assignment?
This is what our High Schools turn out, year after year
One question
Good movie on the battle lines of Hurtgen Forest
I will try to keep my overview of the plot brief
Great series aired from 1978 to 1992
It's a remake of the 1960 movie
Not as horrible as many critics would lead you to believe
The trophy wife
Well done WWII film concerning the concept of heroism
Best vampire movie ever
It's my favorite show when I was 11 or 12
Disney released Lilo & Stitch in a two disc "Big Wave" edition
Perfect movie for the whole family
I love the original theatrical version
Lilo and Stitch was a box office hit in the summer of 2002...
It just soothes the soul
It was great.
It's so enjoyable that who honestly gives a damn?
It is for anyone who appreciates smart, witty drawing room comedy at close to its best
Best way to get the message
I guess Seagal wanted to be a little like Eastwood here...
I love this movie and wanted to watch it immediately
It was a true story
Excellent movie. Best yet
The theatre version had more scenes
This is a dreary, ugly piece of garbage
It's a fairy tale
I think my opinion would be higher of the film
a special Christmas movie and should be on every Christmas shelf
Love it!
I have watched this movie so many times
What is not to like about Daniel Day-Lewis?
The Jazz Singer - Neil Diamond
A good movie to watch with a group of stoners
It really is amazing what we call entertainment
Great point
The Right Stuff is one of my favorite movies of all times
Decent show, good animation
great movie shirley maclaine dose a great job as dose
Two good movies
In the Kingdom of Andalasia, an evil Queen reigned
'Unforgiven' is a good story
The only solid reason why it should be seen is for Christian Bale's performance as Patrick Bateman
"The Right Stuff" and "Apollo 13" gave me a great love for aerospace
Very good film!
This is one of my favorite suspense movies
Jim Carrey deserved a Oscar nomination for this performance
We chose this film to compare with Killing Kennedy which we had recently watched
I can't think of a film before Dirty Harry
Not as good as I thought...
I love this movie.
Unwatchable
The best war movie I have seen to date
This is a movie for anyone born in the past 30-35 yrs
Best choice - perhaps the ONLY choice - to play the founder of Gonzo Journalism
A lot of famous actors in this movie
A+
A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors
My favorite fairytale
This is the movie to pick you up.
MR. & MRS. SMITH
I love this one.
Liam is perfect for the role
A great suspenseful movie
How can you top that?
Worthy of academy awards?
Great movie but the playing of it had some bad spots and IDK
this is the best sequel nancy and her dad are back...
I was very late to come to BluRay
This is one of the classic Cary Grant films
A GOOD PORTRAYAL OF THE WAY IT WAS
This is THE Jim Carrey movie to see
Perfect for SCI FI movies
Fantastic retooling of the film
The best version of Blade Runner
Great funny movie. Worth having in my collection
Hate being in someone else's trip
Awesome Movie
Good vendor, reliable.
Suspenseful and riveting
The good guys always win
I am one of the countless viewers in love with this film
Randall Patrick McMurphy (Nicholson) has a great idea
A brilliant movie
This is a fun little movie based around 3 guys in their mid-twenties who innocently...
I was somewhat dissapointed with this "box set"
Would recommend this movie to anyone that likes action
I am satisfied with my purchase
The Breakfast Club is a damn enjoyable film
cult movie
I love the Original Little Princess with Shirley Temple
The Jackal is an extraordinarily cunning individual who is capable of very convincing disguises
I strongly suggest Mr. Robert Schwentke looks for some other work he could do
Lovely, romantic movie
Very disappointing entry, and could be the worst out of them all
Aspect ratio is about 1.85:1 which completely filled...
Alfred Hitchcock and Cary Grant teamed up for a number of movies
Almost everything about this film is flawless
This version is bad in so many ways
The Hitchhiker is the most intense film ever
A Bulls*** Hollywood movie
A real sign of lack of comprehension, is adding a final "S" to titles that are written in the singular
I'd been hearing about Upstairs Downstairs for years
This is a MUST SEE
Good for what it is
loved it
A must see for late night viewing
A Muppet Family Christmas
Great fun that teaches kids to share without them even realizing
A dream of a movie
I can't get enough of Steed and Mrs. Peel
I got this because Jared Leto is in it
I love all the Mel Brooks movies
It's a refreshing movie that has an honest, uplifting theme that will inspire you and your family
My favorite Linklater movie
Cute romantic comedy
The Red Shoes of Horror Films
I am a strong follower
It's a shame to give this DVD set a 1-star rating
The movie tries to do too much, though
The cinematography to all the insane performances
It's a Wonderful Life
What other movie can have 6 different versions
I wanted it for my library so bought it
Great Broadway musical with tons of choreography
Spike Lee did a superb job on this movie
I'm not that taken with this adaptation of John Le Carre's second novel
Best Vampire movie ever
You just don't get them like this anymore
the resident evil movie franchise is the greatest movie franchise in the universe
Not sure how I missed this movie
THE BEST!!!!
Wonderful movie! A lot of great stars
I love you Guys
- the acting, above all of the two primedonne, but also the amazing Winona Ryder, in a very delicate lead
Besson's vision is powerful images of war, horror and outstanding acting
Loved this video
Highly recommended, but somewhat disappointing
Alfred Hitchcock classic
I recommend this DVD to Everyone on Amazon.com
The first Resident Evil movie, I didn't see
It was OK. Made you think
Great movie even after almost 30 years
Pretty Woman Special Edition
My 12 string just didn't sound good with a...
Reduces the clutter of my board
strong instrument cable
Great acoustic guitars
Nice addition to my studio but there was a small defect inside of the rack that is posted in the picture below
Does the job!
Great control/motion over the volume
My favorite go to strap lock
Good value and good product
Great idea and I never have to worry about the guitar falling off the strap
Light strings on a strat-style guitar do nothing for me
I'm all about these. Great solid stay tuned machines
The anchors included are serious
They sound warm when needed and bright & cutting when needed too
It does the job
Little helper, does what...
The bad: The plastic is sturdy enough to hold an instrument
These were the strings on my sons' cellos
I hope it performs its job
Good price and quality
super solid
ART Studio V3 sounds very nice
The absolute best mic when you look at quality, price point, and reliability
Cable is nice and long
I love Fender strings
These are the strings that originally came with my guitar
My favorite strings
Love these. Fender makes impressive strings
Happy customer
I like this reed...
Great for Yamaha DGX520
Great hats until you can afford
Great product, would recommend to any guitar player!
The fabric is thick and appears to be durable
Classic strings. These play like 9s
I love it
Great strings! Sound great and last...
Best strings ever made!
I got this in 2008 for my son
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
These are not jazz brushes
This is a monster gig bag!
Easy to install and use
Works great. I really like the fact that it has a string clipper...
Aural and aesthetic
They work for strumming
Great quality slide
I must say up front that I returned this stand to Amazon.
sweet, nice resonance and timbre
I like Pure Blues
Not the strings fault
Love spec20s
Ernie Ball heavy picks
I feel that the stands are not the best quality
Good quality picks.
Great buy especially at this price
Nice angle for mic placement
Sounds great, plays great. Good tension in drop tunings
My DJ controller only has RCA outputs
Use these since caveman days
I would only recommend the nanoweb, NOT the polyweb
Good product.
Very nice strings. Clearer tone than phosphor-bronze strings
I know several semi-pro players that use them
Dragon is a curse and a blessing
A nice recorder with good sound to practice with
I have three of these, one I loaned to our lead guitar player and now...
This thing is a ton of fun
I'm happy with these strings
I hit things with it
Great strings!
This is my second favorite pick
Solid. Easy.
I'm glad Fender is still producing these
Good picks but they don't last a long time
Too flimsy
I have been winding guitar strings for 25 years
Great guitar straps
Its good for say a splash
1 out of 3 was DOA
I also own the drum mic mounts that came with my ElectroVoice PL35 microphones
Super cool!
Decent cable, nothing special
Great choice.
Kyser capos really work great and are easy to use
Great price for a very nice strap
same as stock
I like purple, and it is purple
Great help to keeping the guitars clean and pretty
Great strings.
Love these mics
Easy to use, well made, and easily re-calibrated
I would give this five stars, probably should for the price
Good service good product
Works well and has a pleasing enough tone.
They are not heavy duty stand by any stretch
This is my beater mandolin, at 25$, nothing can beat it
Strong stand some stands have quick release clamps...
Very good mic
Very handy, works on a variety of pedals
Easy on/Easy off
Great product for nylon or steel strings
Great alternative to floor stands
So I finally got creative and checked this rolling capo out
Great for Desk/Table Top bases
I really cannot use heavier strings
Shorter than the stock cable
Great pedal.
Excellent stand for an acoustic guitar
Perfect for big fat fingers
I'm very happy wtiht this boom stand
I like the action but thinner...
The first time I used it
Simple tool that...
I would never play on any other strings
Good product!
Great resonant head
The don't ever break
No detectable build up at all afterward
I like this particular beater
Does the job
It's lightweight and moves around even with...
This is great for its price
Great capo for the price
Decent for price
Great alternative to a normal stand when trying to...
works grate as a thumb pic
Did the job it...
It sounds and feels like it was made in China
Classic design
my voice totally changed for better!
"Dynamic" microphones, do not, and cannot use "phantom" power
The Herco Clarinet Maintenance Kit
quiet cables in a pliable jacket
It's a nice feeling to know that your big investment in your instrument is being protected...
The 90 degree ends go to the pedal
Works great for changing guitar strings
OD just kicks ass
Med-light strings brought out the base while keeping the highs
Medium gauge Elixirs
A great tool for changing guitar strings
this stand is small but does the job
You're probably in a similar position as I was
Foldable so it is easy...
I don't know why you need it
Great tone all around
They sound great for many hours of playing
The strap looks great
Works well for my steel string and my electric but the nut on...
Solid screws that work well
This is a huge improvement over the two inch nylon strap...
Great product.
No-nonsense simple control panel
I can't really say it any better
First time using this brand
Looks terrible and the gold logo and lettering on top is barely visible and broken-up
Good to teach basic music theory
Does what it needs to. Loud enough to play in a small...
Great distortion pedal, i'm loving it
Great strings for the price and are easy to do bend
Works great as a secondary mic holder attached to a boom stand
Not a big difference
They're all I use now
looks good but returned it...
nice string for my saprano ukulele
Perfect gift for the guitar enthusiast
Works the best of all...
The On Stage GS7465 Guitar Stand
Great pick holder
This is the right head for you
I think it's about the same as the Elixirs
I am never afraid when I am wearing this strap
These have a lower profile and can fit and bend into the places...
Good strings with nice sound quality
I am nearly 71 years old and have...
Good quality not worth the money
Works just like its supposed to
Love this product. makes playing so much easier...
I like green, but I hate green olives
Not nearly as beefy as I had hoped
Good strings and very strong
Sounds pretty good so far
I was NOT shipped Fender Shell Guitar picks
I like this pedalboard, and a few select BOSS pedals to use
It always feels too stiff although the volume is great
I'm not sure they're as good as the price might suggest
works great and makes it more playable
Great dark sound and came very promptly
They rock! Try them out
Works very well
They are still going strong.
Good strap, I use these with all 3...
I'm both a performing guitarist and a career music teacher
this is a beautiful guitar...and the tone is very clear...
You just can't go wrong with these
Phosphor Bronze L/M strings
It's not the most comfortable or the most fancy
I always have a great experience with Evans
really wanted to love this one. it was $180...
I love them!
Perfect for playing my guitar and last for quite...
great pickup for the bridge position
Easy install.
Great quality, great buy.
one of my two favorite pics
This will be a very short review
Great accessory to have
Great seller! Thank You
Very good strings.
Good quality strings
Love this set of strings
Good stuff. Fair deal...
handy little piece like having a screw gun in your pocket
Good value, long lasting strings
Great product for the money and it did come with a 1/4 " adapter plug and...
Fender Rod Deluxe
We have used this product for years, we...
Good value for Mic cord
Great clamps for light stand
Good because of a higher water content
Great rosin
Great gift for Family member
Works great in front for a clean or unclean boost
Work great exactly as described
Great sound and smooth to the touch but the coating will start...
I got this for use with the Boss DD-20
I don't see how anybody is making a profit
I'm a 15+ year classical guitarist and choral singer...
I learned the hard way.
Really nice, a little bulkier
For initial tuning I use both the Evans Torque Drum Key (ASIN B0002D0HZI) and the Rhythm Tech Memo Key
I love the feel and sound I get from them
it a goose neck what can you say it did...
Not as nice as the cartridge...
D'Addario excellant
Excellent cable. Good price. High quality. I highly recommend it
I've tried a lot of strings
Sounds great for all kinds of music
This will fit in the palm of you hand
Works fine.
Great sticks- not too heavy
I can't believe the sound from this cheap guy
Very good cable.
Really happy with the unit
The Ultex sounds more like the Fender celluloid
My favorite picks
It's a JB
I can't imagine what they would fit.
My second choice for picks
Very good bass guitar
BOSS FS-5U Non-Latching Footswitches
This is especially great for recording
Solid, secure, and it is all metal which means it is forever
I don't know how I ever got along without these
Thin.46 picks
the only strings i use on my guitar
Sounds go in one end
I call mine Lazarus cuz when I got it a couple of...
This is what I needed
Good texture rubber that does not get stiff
I love how it is cheap
Looks great
Great guitar
Highly recommend Planet Waves because of the high quality of their products
The tap function is great too
I like Dunlop picks
I think this was the first compact UV circuit on the market...
Mogami definitely delivers when it comes to sound quality
Great reed strength chart
Love these comfortable picks
good distortion source
These things are huge. They have some oomph to them but...
We're notopriously hard to please
This was the best price I could find on Amazon
Great all around bar.
These are for the gig bag for those occasional string breaks
The sound quality still manages to be musical
works well.
I use these for overhangs on my drum kit
These straps are no nonsense awesomeness
Great, comfortable guitar strap
fit beautifully on my fender...
Good quality rosin for those on a budget
Good product. Accurate tuning with no batteries required
classic wah pedal
This is a very long strap for my son
Great strings, and price allows you to change them often
Great cable for bass and guitar
Good EQ for an excellent price
Very light, and has a nice bright metallic zing which compliments the warm sound
I stuck this to the top side of my accoustic guitar
Works well.
Good quality. The materials used are decent
Very helpful but I wouldn't go so far to say it's the holy grail
I should have saved my money for a Keely
great product for the kid
Have always used this product
Acoustic guitar strings
Easy to use and easy to use
Great cover.
Good sound at a good price
It's a little hard to open
This is my third circuit breaker cable
A big mistake; I wiped my guitar clean of...
good sound
Great blues bottle slide
Great guitar!
Great for guitars with narrow heads
I like a lot
I still think that these are great strings
I have absolutely no gripes with Elixir nanoweb phosphor bronze strings
I did an audio test of this microphone
Cool and sounds sexy
Works great. I used this for...
John Pearse wood armrest
Works great. A bit big, but the adjustable elastic perimeter cord takes care of that
EJ11 80/20 PLAYS GRATE
The sound is warm and resonates well
Great humbucker sound
Fender Picks
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Very durable, great quality strings
I can't honestly say a whole lot about this mic
Easy to play with
-------Hohner Blues Harp
My first student clarinet
Excellent construction, great size, nice gig bag
Excellent for the beginner and advance player
Definitely put out a lot of fog for its size
G2s are by far the best heads Evans makes
This is the distortion I've been looking for...
Good strings
Nice strings. Soft to the touch
I can't say its all these strings fault
Good because of the adjustable holder
Just don't leave it on a mic stand at rehearsal
the 1/4 jack plug is a bit narrow
Nice design.
Good idea. Tends to slip on the strings however
YUP ORDERED 3 OF THESE...2 FOR LPJ'S AND ONE...
Fender doesn't ship the guitar with them anymore
Two of these so far, one green, one blue
Does not smell bad...but not much
Great cable but I really wish both ends were 90 degrees!
Only strings I'll put on my guitar
Love playing this guitar, puts a smile on my face
Very close but a little more plastic
Very nice gadget to start with
It provides smooth action and does not...
I have 2 HERCO brand large triangle...
Good cable for casual player
Great snare drum
The greatest harmonica mic of all time
Very affordable true instrument and it sounds great
Keep away. These trash can lids should stay only in...
Awesome overdrive for use as an input booster for a Marshall tube amp
Yamaha JR1 and JR2 sound much better than JR1
Sweet! red color is subtle and cool
Nice!
Great for strat pick guard holes.
Glad it's back and I...
The ultimate quick change guitar capo
The cutter is sweet, but it could be better.
you should get this only if you have...
It is absolutely secure and comfortable
It works fine.
Great set for a 2nd kit
These work okay.
Bought this for my beginner band
I love these mics. They give me...
This thing won't stay in one place
Good for a low cost entry level machine
The best keyboard amp I've ever played through
They fit just as the old ones did and look the same
Works well.
It is very difficult to find a truly well made harp in any key
I found this on Amazon.com
Great strap easy to use
I like playing for fun, but I know what sound I look for
Not a better padded gig bag
Good for Funk, Blues Funk
I bought a new Guitar which had Medium Martin strings
Great strings sound and keeps in tune
My mom liked it
Solidly built and sound just fine.
These are not expensive and I want to keep the mouthpiece as nice as I can
Ernie Ball Acoustic Strings
Jim Dandy
It's black but not shiny like typical vinyl
A nice addition to both my kids Mexican Strats
Great tool does what It is designed to do
My niece really enjoy these strings
The picks fly out like confetti when...
Don't knock the recorder
Nice simple working Capo
Really exceptional strings
They do last much longer than "normal" strings
Works and its cheap
the ZBT hi hats sound great for being entry level
I loved Remo!
This is an impossible situation for those who sometimes get short messages
I'll use it for other purposes
It works fine for making and receiving calls
LOVE IT! Easy install Low profile operation perfect for our small cathedral ceiling room
I bought several of these and plan to put them in...
Great paper for invoices
Easy to use and look great
Really comfortable gel mouse pad
Works well.
Excellent paperclips
Great Bulletin Board Storage Bag
Easy to use, ergonimaclly friendly toy
Perfect for Inkjet Printers
Great product, but they were getting hard to find in this size
These are to laminate 4" by 6" photographs
Good writing paper for notes
... appears to be well made
Easy to store on desk
Works fantastic. I use Word 2010 and the alignment is perfect
Works fine. Just be sure to leave enough area around...
Good for my card making
Good customer service.
Everything works as described except for the keypad display light being too dim
Works ok but was a disappointment
These are a great buy for this quantity
Great tabs.
Great for signs, maps, and other permanent documents.
My favorite greeting cards
Works like a champ!!
Good for the price
Perfect for 17" laptops and for large LCD Monitors for a home office
Nice little notepad
They are just what I needed...
Great for keeping organized
I have been looking for this everywhere
Our energy committee recently had a project for which we needed about 250 peel-off labels
Perfect for my shredder
It's very easy to use
Good quality paper
Very please with this product
old school back up!
I have severe repetitive motion problems
I know the TI-8x series has financial functions and the graphic capabilities may make those...
Works well in old laser ink printers
Top quality.
Excellent item.
They are very austere compared to the price
I have used Memorex Labels for years
Easy to apply
I'm a professional photographer and make a lot of my own prints
I don't know why this product seems to fall apart for some
They are working wonderfully.
Great tape!
Very nice.
These boxes were great. And, being...
Product itself looks okay, but it did not...
They work like they should
The backing is very difficult to remove
Love the feel of this product
Good quality.
good for closed bags
Great for children.
I really like this pen
Quality and long lasting ink
really makes a difference in readability of file tabs
I got these to clean my thermal printers
Perfect for quick notes throughout the day
They work well for what they are
Not very wide, nice and clean
Great seller! Fast delivery of a quality product
This chalk is not completely dustless
A great way to keep me organized
Great for protecting paperwork
Good size for readability
Test super-fine pens in red
Great for writing checks and instant drying
These are called economy for a reason
Professional Engineer Exam
old school phone
Great dividers for genealogy binders
This purchase is such a no brainer. Note that Amazon only lets you buy one with each order
Sent by mistake
Good fit for hand and wrist
I do a lot of packaging and as...
It arrived as promised.
Great for dad and mom
Avery!
Its not the super stickiest tape, but it really does...
Great label tape
Good product at a reasonable cost
I'm surprised to see quite a few negative reviews for this staple gun
Does not stay stuck down. Have used it for years
Good box for the money
I like it a lot
No issues so far with these sheets
Not real powerful but enough for most purposes
Great quality dividers, and the double sided pockets
Have been looking for these pens
Good product, price and delivery
I will buy it again
Great Price!
BRIGHT!! Printer didn't like the thickness but...
Good shipping time and price.
Perfect for a new cook
I bought these to keep my colored cardstock separated and although they work okay,...
A GOOD LOCKBOX WITH PLENTY OF ROOM
I have had better for that price
These refills are inconsistent
Great templates for labeling.
Wrong, wrong, wrong
Perfect for my macbook pro with retina screen
It hasn't let me down so far
Good quality paper
These sleeves are handy and seem well-made
I needed color copy paper
It works fine for my purposes
Good for disposable cards
This notebook will be used as a...
Great for printing!
Great for a hard land line type telephone
I haven't used the tab label at home for a while
Good quality paper
I'd recommend buying the USB PalmConnect kit instead
Great product. Bic has been around for years
Best filler paper I had
Refill for my beloved
Cheap quality, better off buying something else
Great value for the money for my students to have extra...
Good Price - Avery Labels
Great size - fit full addresses with room to spare
Very fine oil made so paper particles don't stick to the blades
great for corporate type paperwork filing
I felt like a new bride when I opened this
I use it for the purpose it was intended...
great picture quality prints fits cards I send to friends
Great price, Quality paper
I've never had anyone I'm talking with complain about it
They work great.
Great product, works as advertsed
My go to ruled paper
This is a good scanner at a reasonable price
Great space for notes and ideas
I know that index cards are considered out-of-date now, but...
Love all the space and extra info sheets
Pretty standard product category
They work like a charm
Exactly as described
:)
What I don't understand is the pricing scheme between colors
Great paper for greeting cards
Easy to load and print
The calculator that I was looking for
The most wonderful paper
I love color!
Good, practical, planner
The price is great...
Good for clients house keys.
Great for what I needed
This is a step up from basic copy paper
It is a nice slim size
Must have been some factory reject product
Really bad smell when first opened
i always use bic pens because...
Serves that purpose well
Very nice book
This is my first hardcover book, and I like it
New address book
Very fancy looking pointer and priced low
as expected from Avery
Just what I wanted
larger packs than you can find in your local stores
Good pen for moleskine paper
Excellent paper for presentations
The problem was actually with the pen
Very sturdy binder
i did not pay the ridiculous amount in shipping that these usually are
I specifically wanted 24# HP paper because I use it...
Perfect for ticket sales and t-shirt sales
Good pens
I wasn't sure I needed the easy peel feature
It's tape
Light weight, effective and sharp
Good adhesive for fragile stickers
Good quality paper. Used them to decorate by hand greetings using acrylic
This is the right stock for a writing pad like this
Great product
My Dymo Labelwriter
no return policy and no manual
bought as gift..but loved it
I love this color selection
Good for my homeschool room to hold folders
Excellent quality resume paper
a really pretty old world map bookmark
Very nice quality Mouse Pad
As described.
PERFECT......
Great for timing clients' work
Best book stand I've found!
We have used this toner for years and never...
Very simple to use, has many different functions
Best price, thanks!
this size was too big
TI-30X IIS 2-Line Scientific Calculator
Great product that is easy to use and is great quality
These postcards are very nice
Great replacement x-acto blade blades
This is one of the best I've seen for phones on Amazon
Love these!
This is bottom of the barrel just to get the job done
No excess words needed...
Works well for my scrapbook project
It works well, just as I expected
It's really inconvenient to store all of your frequently used supplies in a drawer
It works but wobbles around
Bought it in case electicity is interrupted
Very basic cordless phone that works when the power goes out
Very affordable and easy to use
Great for genealogy research
Very poor quality construction
My wife works at the Commissary for the Navy and...
These little guys are cheap enough to have...
I was swayed by the high Consumer Report rating
Very colorful. Good replacement for original squares
Perfect size!
I have been given a discounted product in return for my review
Good quality with a reasonable price
Good quality paper, bound well for use
They are excellent and inexpensive
I liked how they had nice different colors so she can remember which one...
This phone has a light up keypad
soo awesome!!
We run about 40 cards per pay cycle
My favorite pen ever!!
Simple, and sturdy
Excellent map with very high-quality printing
Great dividers
Easy to install and to replace
I'd thought these would be the typical 23' cartridges, but at only 10'...
It's hard keeping books looking good and they held up last year
Great card stock for laser printers
Works great, NO Complaints
I'm thrilled with this purchase
Hard to find
What a time saver!
Good pens. Not much else to say
Happy I bought this one...
Good file folders
Moleskines are cheaper than Fabrianos
Works perfect for my needs
Great computer mouse pad for an awesome price that is steady and won't...
So far so good
I wish these were slightly larger as it can be difficult to fit the description
This is The Best non-graphing calculator
Excellent product I use everyday
Good Security Box and can be hidden very easily
I have had this perfectly flat larger-than-most mouse pads at my fingertips for several days
Great buy very pleased with my purchase.
Perfect balance between glossy and matte
Great product!
Nice solar power did the job
Great bookmarker!
What I love most about these Moleskine versions
I like that it groups the different tables
Great clips for a great price
Nice, thanks!!
I don't really want to write...
Bic Clic Stic Pen
You'll save lots of time printing...
I am very pleased that Swingline stands by their product
Just kept in my office and used when needed
Good job Scotch
The price was good
Love that they are clear so she doesnt notice them and...
these are probably my favorite pens to write with ever
Very happy with this product
Great labeling tape.
Love this little gift
Great print images
I like using nicer paper
Great product
I'll stick with the dedicated oil and give it just 4 stars for their candor
I have always had Epson printers and buy Epson papers...
Great calculator for students who are sill taking classes or...
No problems with using it with...
annual reorder
I hitched this to my 4-wheel walker which allows me...
Good paper, good quality
Works for me.
Having used these notebooks over many years
When loading it says paper jam error
It's a great solution
Good thickness. Accept ink
This tray is perfect. Not too large
Well thats not the notebooks fault it is mine
Good for CFA exam
Worked great
Well made, durable and has all...
They are nice paper
Simple and perfect!
A handy item for any teacher!
Great idea!
These are great labels which work as expected
I am GLAD there were TWO to the package
Perfect for business cards!
Always bought my stamps on Amazon.com
The Drift Fast Mouse Pad
Just what I wanted. Clear and lightweight
Great for home business or non-profits
Good product for an independent engineer
Great clips. I use these in wood...
These are priced adequately and work very well
Perfect for bleeding red ink...
u have to smash the ball point in order for it to work
Great dividers!
I can tell you that mine is dim at all
The TI-86 is a very powerful math tool
Great for the price!
I like it but...
Moleskine continues to be an excellent and consistently well made product
Keeps all of our currency organized
The pens are attractive, offered in several colors that make them look fashionable
Small and convenient size
Perfect for teaching driving lessons at safety council
They were exactly as I expected them to be
Easy to use and easy to use
They look nice and professional
It's kind of hard to review staples
The ultimate calculator for someone who doesn't need anything more than...
This is the third time I have purchased a set of the Moleskin Ruled Cahier Journals...
Great for Invitatons and Greeting Cards
Very steep for a non-laminated map
Good feel, good look
Very convenient and useful.
Best price around, and quick shipping
When I purchased the HP designjet 111 with roll this item popped up saying that people that purchased the designjet also...
This does what I wanted it to do....if it did not, I would write a complaint...
Perfect for DYMO label-writer when I need it
Works great no more wrist pain
Great for me
Perfect for my boy's
The classic BiC Cristal Stics
Strong and double sided tape
love my easy peel labels
Works just fine with no issues
I really like the quality
Good for filing legal pleadings
It will last you forever
very good cash box
Great for any type of typing you have to do
Works amazingly well for what they are needed for
These set the standard for personal notebooks
Easy to operate
Love these at work
Works as advertised, thank you
Fast shipping!
It's not the most aesthetic home addition...
I'm a label lover
Avery has been making these labels for a long time
Good blades for making just about anything
I always would lose pens
Very handy, I was going to ue an app...
Great job!
One of my favorite pens
Scotch Exterior Mounting Tape
Good printouts
No reason to waste a sheet I've barely used
Rolodex
Better print quality than the 1280
Good quality printing.
Working well
Perfect paper organizer for my desk
Good for my crew
Great for quick sketches with water soluble graphite
Good for the wrist-support
Clean edge
It's a stamp pad
Fine Point, Black Ink, 12-Count
I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this calculator
Works well
This stuff was thin,very thin
awesome planner but its so pretty I don't want to write in it
Great product!
Great for making lots of common copies such as homework
Great for TI and HP
Epson S041468 Borderless Matte Paper
8.5x11" notebook
Works fine!
They do attract dirt
The Palm m100 PDA has revolutionized the way I keep track of my appointments
The Memorex labels stay stuck
The corners are damaged, the top 50 sheets or so are damaged
These worked well for our conference
He said they liked them.
I bought 2 of these
Great magnetic board for working with magnetic letters
Perfect for keeping my art supplies organized
Perfect size for your pocket at work
The calendar is a disappointment
I'm using an Epson 1280 photo printer
The pink is fun!
Great for the fish and the plants
Not a favorite with...
The birds love it
The squirrels won't even go near it
Great Rotisserie
Great for smokers and smokers
It works great.
Good product for mosquitos
As described
Not recommended - The slightest side pressure...
The wheels don't have the lug nuts
Works well if you remember to use...
Only PH up I'll buy
I still struggle using it
Easy to put together and I am 70
The difference in legibility is stunning!
Easily my favorite gardening tool
fire ants love it!
"Cooking Cajun" smoker
I like the trimmer very much although find it too heavy
My favorite roof rakes
div id="video-block"
Very good quality
Very satisfied with this replacement blade.
Good product!
Short hose length
Good price here on Amazon.
It fit and worked just fine
Great quantity of wood chips
Really collect flies
I am going to like it an awful lot after I briefly tested it out
Great item. In states with high water fees
THE EDGE HOG WORKS EVEN BETTER THAN THE ONE I USED FOR YEARS AND WAS STOL
The soil was prepared, the containers readied, the lights placed and the seeds planted
Best of all, this product is made in USA
These worked well, too well
No sprayer, no sealed bottle
This seed mix is worth the extra money
Works well, Purchased it because of the good ratings
Not when I got this one
It fits!
The neat cabinet is a really cool bonus and bigger than expected
Great loppers
This seems to be working quit well
No rust because of the aluminum
I like squirrels as much as the next person
Very good business.
Helped to clear the pond
Very difficult to clean
We have a lot of ticks and I am terrified of getting Lyme
You'll love it if you don't...
WOW this really works
A worthless product.
It works better in the dark when the little blue lights show up better
Works great. I use this to connect a...
Good all winter long
Good quality wood chips
Great seller, product is good for $
Keeps chiggers at bay when sprayed...
Light cutting and the battery drains quickly
Pretty flimsy
Sharp and comfortable in my hand
Used for hot peppers seedlings
It still looks good after one summer
Easy-Read Rain Gauge
Cute and functional!
Very lightweight and well built
Easy Sprout Sprouter
"good boy!"
I am very happy with this grow light system
True with any of the biological control products
This saw is small and lightweight, and starts easy
Good shovel, but poorly designed
It does a great job of sprinkling narrow sections
The birds love it but I find a few flying off to a nearby...
We love having this product to protect our fruit
Great filter for my 125 gallons pond
Not a flat tire
The original was fantastic this model with...
This works at least for me
This fit the bill for my Toyota Tundra with an added front hitch
I'll admit it - motor trimmers drive me crazy
Great size head for working with plants
Haven't used it yet
I ordered this to replace my older solar cover for my 24...
Great product easy to use and does the job
Not accurate to within 20 degree's
Works as advertised
I recommend it.
If you have a reel mower, you need to sharpen the blades every couple of years
I had one of these for quite while and it finally gave up...
Small cylinder annoying tiny
Top notch grill
great shipping and product seems very sturdy & well made
I would rather have a...
Easy to assemble, simple to install
Good quality product from Amazon
Use this in my pondless waterfall
Banjo Burners
This test kit will get the job done
Works better than any I have had from local Home Depot
It takes a minute to get the hang but then sharpening goes very quickly
Great water line for motorhomes
This is a pretty good, big cover
Saves a lot of work and is convenient to use
Great for string algae
Good product!
Great product!
Pros: Bright Pilot light so you can see when it is working
The hose still curls up despite having...
This is the trap that gets the job done, every time
It works well in my Kitchen Cabinets
Great spray nozzles
Using this in a cold frame
Good for squirrels
Beautiful sound!
Replacement or refund is contingent on shipping back
Good product for minor algae problems
Sprinkle them in my birdbath, gutters
Good lopper
works ok if you leave the room dark...works slower that...
I can't give this...
Best multipurpose snow shovel out there
i really like this Rain Gage
The birds are now coming to my yard
Gift, no feed back
Will see as soon as iI get the pump operational
Works well...
Used in an electric smoker
Defeats the purpose of quick connect if you...
Good for the small diameter
This does work as described
Killed Rats quickly
This sprayer is great and saves time
the whole jar was full in no time
Waste of money!
Keeps the bugs off
Easy project to make
Very useful cart for anyone who has a large yard like mine
All the squirrels get now is the ground litter the birds throw down
I used one of these outside my horse barn and it works great!
This product leaks where the hose meets...
Great purchase.
It is a very weak lure
I was looking for a replacement and couldn't find any like my old one
works perfect so far!
This thing is complete junk. The temperature is never accurate
Sugar syrup for my bees
This system on the new grill adds MUCH more flavor
Good soil test
Helped but no great relief
Irises and begonias still intact
Works great...a little smaller than I expected
good quality,great deal for the money allows for a nice size fire safely
This is literally a chainsaw with teeth
This product did the trick!
I got tired of using plastic ones
Very sturdily made
Works but I'm looking to replace it after just...
Very sturdy and heavy duty
pretty good and seems sturdy
I have now had this topsy turvy bag kill three little tomato plants
It smells pretty bad
Easy to use
Good quality hose
Easy to assemble
It will probably last my lifetime
Fiskars never disappoint me
Love the universal sprinkler head replacement
a flag kit would be designed for outdoor use
I have had the host sprayer for years and it keeps going fine
I'll be shopping for another brand
Perfect for my Flowtron Fly Trap Dominator
They look cool and do not seem to be doing any harm
Great trash bag for the RV
Bugs away from the porch when in use
Organic solution to overgrowth of algae
These bags are amazing
Very well built and at a great price
the attachment coupling could be a better design
Oem Products
My husband likes this roof rake
Recommended by life long campers and hikers
Great Price
A very good product, my Tom Thumb impatiens are loaded...
WORK LIKE THEY ARE SUPPOSED BUT I DONT RECOMMEND RINSING THEM...
bought two to put in different place
Doesn't work at all
better products out there
FLEXOGEN water hoses for over 12 years
Keeps my lawn mover dry when it rains
So, I started digging into research about the toxicity of Sluggo
These are of high quality material that easily help...
I'm always wary of...
Just what you need to protect...
This has ended up as my favorite
Very good for gardening especially barrel and other container gardening
Great product great price
I can, lasts A LONG TIME
I found this tool to be too short to use comfortably
It looked more like a 3" turnip
Decent quality
It's a snap
The biggest mistake I've come across with those who say they don't work
This stuff works great
Great item for household and agricultural use
Great quality bedding fork
Works great!
Very good, high quality loppers
Super happy with these
Repeated bumping on sidewalk concrete
I have some lower water pressure, about 45 psi
I'm really glad I did...
Very easy to mix and spray
This review is the 10 ft by 12 ft 2016 model
Not the worst hedge trimmer i've used
My Scarecrow
Very easy to use
The quality is in line with the price
This stuff smells awful and strong
Good quality trimmers
Really good grill for being electric
The squirrels eventually gave up trying to get to the seed
I've gone back to Victor's old style single-catch, spring traps
Very nice feeder
Great product for Floridians who have to deal with moisture and rain driving ants indoors
Very UNHAPPY WITH THIS PURCHASE
Hummingbird feeders
a really well made flag
It was annoying at first but now I am used to it
Very nice high quality shovel
What more is there...
Great glider
The thing is almost miraculous
White looks awkward on my gray Legend
Works reasonably well at night - does not work during daytime at all
I've had it 3 years now
Zero issues. Plugged it in and it went right to work
Works good for it's purpose
Gobble Gobble
Very handy tool with good leverage improvement
sturdier than the end the hose shipped with
I really couldn't be happier!
Not good for large birds.
ok for a few seasons
This week has been amazing. I hope it continues to work
Not bad but flexes a lot
Just as described.
Item looked large instead of small
Safe for pets should be good
Never had that happen before
Perfect size bag will last quite a while for a single guy
I broke my red handle
good investment for now
Flowtron is about the only game in town
Not a dent on the mosquito population
It's like a rubber sandpaper
Good for splitting, kindling, and best for cutting some branches off a tree
It can be quite hard to get a compost pile going
The one that works for us
Small, but a lot of fun
Great filter and housing
Great tool for small weeds
Easy to sprout seeds
Very happy with this product.
Not a great fit
Works great on leaves and pine needles
Perfect
Love this zapper
Perfect for looking through the beach debris
The finches love it
This definitely seemed to help in clearing up...
But was bought to scoop snow
I like the dome height
It worked very well.
We love it! You don't have to use very much charcoal or wood
Works perfectly for what I wanted to store
Would I buy again? Yes, in a heartbeat!
Good rake
Good buy!
You pay for item you get
A must for all reel mowers
Great heater for birdbath
Works great. Just wish it had a timer...
Protects my grill from various changes in weather and humidity
I got an ugly green one
Most frequent complaint I see in the reviews is the short string life
Weak, weak.
I've had this hose for several years
The birds took only two days to discover it as a source of food!
Very pleased with it
I have more ticks in my yard than ever before
Very nice product by Hydrofarm
Works well......no pun intended.
Nicely balanced and easy to handle
I ordered it so late in the season that the groundhog(s) I intended to trap must have gone into hibernation
It's a decent value for the price
It performed very well
It's so wonderful to have when the temps get outrageously high
a budget buy and did not really anticipate anything exceptional
not sure what the issue is but seems to catch on itself once in a while
Good for the mower
The best I've used so far
I am an outdoor type person, hunter, logging, landscaper etc.
I like this, and I have had many tools...
It works well, as it says
I love it and have told all my friends about it so they can get one too
very nice washes well and dries well
Beautiful sear marks and flavour
Woodpeckers
Not the typical 'whoosh' of a PVB valve
Got this pruning shears for my wife...
Not what I expected
Keeps pond clear all season
Oregon chains have always given me my monies worth
I have no worries about this hose blowing...
It will never be shinny again after you use it the first time
This ladder was simple to put together, seems sturdy for my kids
This size fits my old Craftsman
Its still on the roof. Frozen again.
If you are having problems with birds getting in your pond
This seed is simply the best
You're tired of wrestling with that huge Weber lid
Not exactly the easiest to set
Great value for money
So well made...but so wish they scooped twice the load
Good toy for kids and adults
Great for attracting flies and keeping them away from your house
It is what it says it is, replaceable head
Great Microtip Shears and the nonstick coating makes trimming resin/sap producing plants a breeze
felco is the best: nothing compare
Works for me
I tried many times replacing the bulbs etc...
Not as thick as stated in the original description
It works well.
The shipment was extremly fast
Great for pruning!
Very pleased. They do the trick as designed
Excellent item.
Good value for pruners
Not as powerful as it claims to be
My favorite slugs
Good quality machine, but it takes some time to get used to...
A must have for gardeners
The squirrels are sure crafty
The squirrels ate through the plastic
Nice flames...and sweet adjustments
Green kefir shake
Not sure if these work for algae
I bought a generic cover for my Brinkmann vertical smoker
The first thermometer that I received was faulty
The weather meter shows temperature and moisture level in a room
zapper works well but does become clogged on occasion
a bit better than the original
This unit was missing half the hardware
I would recommend this to anyone wanting to keep track of the humidity
sometimes they work, sometimes they show up and you flip the switch
A nice, lightweight tool
Excellent fly eradicator
Lovely product
Nice plant so far
I have pinched my fingers in them...
Good quality, fast shipping!
I like the design and functionality
Great for my chicken auto waterer
We are very unhappy with this product
Works as expected
Just as promised
I have an orchid cart that does not have much space
one ounce to a gallon of water
gears already broken, it won't move forward
Its pretty ghetto
Excellent!!! I love it!!!The quality very good and I need it for my job
Not a good thing when you have Roundup in the tank
Easy to store and keep all three piece together nicely
Easy to program or to change functions
The best pest control product
Easy to install on any flat surface
Awesome splitting axe
Works great
Cheap metal. Perhaps good for the price
This is the second grill I have ever owned in my life
Buying a shirt or pair of slacks that has the bug repellent added...
Great clippers! I love the feel of them
VERY DISAPPOINTED
Works good as far as I know
A couple of bucks...
Great rain gage.
I love it.
I've had a garden claw since they were first introduced
couldn't make the darn thing work
It will be great to use
Birds love it
A better job of explaining various qualities of this feeder but as indicated by title
Really does deter deer & rabbit
A wonderful compliment to the other wind chimes
Best way to build picnic tables and benches by far
Great for easy attachment of all your watering tools
Just as advertised.
Has the coloring already added for easy refills
Our dog had this ripped apart in 10 minutes
I used to throw the ball to my lab by hand
My dog loves it
he LOVES his hedgehog!
Great toy
Good kit
Going on 3 years still tests good
Great deal on Amazon
it's a cute little stuffie
this is super fun for the cats...they took...
Great for dogs to keep fleas away
Lasted just two days
Easier to clean
I love Nylabone products
Good for the cat
One of the best purchases I have ever made
The unit is adjustable for differing heights of your pet's enclosure
Perfect perch
Great for moderate chewers
It seems to do the job, but it did take...
No matter what I think
Bear pays no attention to it. But time may change that
We have many cats that we have adopted
It's more fun to use this on unsuspecting friends
Good pate
It's alright. Unless your tank is near a faucet that can attach...
Fetch could not be easier.
I'm not exactly giving these plants the best conditions to thrive
Not well made and a waste of money
This is perfect on both counts
My cats really enjoy this food
Nice, but you could probably get regular tennis balls
Better than Friskies
Just what I've been looking for
Cockatoo
love these hedgies
dog loves it. she has yet to destroy it...
Works well, but keep...
Unfortunately the pates' are beginning to bore the crew---nose in the air...
It seems softer than most perches
Adorable Lambchop dog toy
Cat loves it! Bought...
Cute toy
It doesn't throw quite as far as expected
No more gas!
This is my dogs favorite toy...
My dogs love this. They are about...
Great for scraping the tarter of his teeth
Filters leaked carbon all over themselves and everything else they were packaged with
Bullmastiff approved
Really no different than her normal food so my dog isn't real excited...
Love these and they might be helping her arthritis
I bought this for my puppy's first ride in car
I hate Wellness now
Perfect mix.
Great for clearing water
Does not work on Seachem Cupramine product
My cat loves this food
You keep fresh water fish you need this
Well this thing works. Instead of...
Fit my Fluval intake tube exactly.
I was pleased with this kit
So I'll keep buying this product
My puppy loves this food so I just bought...
Very thin also so not sure how long it will last
I have a stand-up carpet cleaner that I use about once a month
ok for smaller young koi
It seemed like these things were up to $25 for years
The neckline is a little too loose
Mumford loves these
Love them!
I don't hate it but none of my cats will eat it
If you want to lower PH and KH this is the cheapest route
Great for our 50-pound dog
Cant really see a difference tho
All natural, healthy treats
This definitely fits the bill
Packaging indicates 100 pieces
Frontline Plus
I am very happy with this product
The only thing my new adoptee will eat
My first use of this product the hose...
I have a very finicky Kitty, so feeding him Grain free Wet food...
I am a veterinarian who is bossed around...
I love it!
Works extremely well and I will buy it again highly recommend to anybody with a dog
I have 2 large std poodles
Amazon is cheaper!
Love the taste and we love the ingredients
Cat seems to prefer this over all other litter
Way too big for mouth
Great saltwater water change!!
Doves Iog lt
Healthy wet food for my 11 tear old dogs
Great for cats too
Good luck with the recommended two scoops
My dog chewed off the head within hours
API stress zyme
I'm a high end animal food snob
Bought this for my youngest cat
The voice stopped real quick
Great replacement toy!
Best tennis balls for dogs
5lb Chinese crested powder puff with a floating patella
Best pet food in the world
LOVE this filter!! Work's great, I have the 30 and the 70 and both...
A MUST HAVE if you have anything other than a tiny dog
It is so much more sturdy than others offered on Amazon!
Good food for my little one just as an additive to...
Great for the heartworm, tick meds
It was an awful lavender color, but otherwise looked the same
This bottle is different though
Very disappointed.
It fits perfectly and snuggly to keep food fresh
Great product!
I say assume, because PO4 never tested above 0ppm
It's all of my tanks crystal clear
My cats used it once.
Cats liked it, but got bored with it
My cat loves this food
My tank is great and corals are growing well
It works. Only had...
Works much better than other filters
Food seems dried out in this size
Best dog toy in the last 10 years
I have a very picky dog when it comes to eating
SeaChem prime
Better yet - natural and safe for my kids and the environment
Cat likes it but it's cheap quality
This is a great product
Works great, would highly recommend this product especially if...
Perfect for treating small amounts of water
The tubing is just what I wanted!
a gift for someone who has problems finding the food in her area
They Love it and sit there more than any other space in the cage
My cat LOVES this brand
Very easy to introduce to dogs diet
Good sturdy product though
Nylabone toy
This product does everything it claims to do
The only dry cat food I buy, it's moderately prices
I bought this for a friend and finally...
Works great.
It works...average.
Great for a hedgehog
I got this for the two 4 month old kittens I adopted
My cats love this scratcher/toy
very holistic in everything we feed ourselves and our dog
I was afraid he'd choke on the pieces
This mix with water and we feed with an eye dropper...
VERY NOISY
My cat is hard to please
Too narrow to adequately cover any table top or counter
I love this buddy leash
Not sure why, but my puppy didn't like these
Great stocking stuffer for Christmas
Perfect for our green cheek conure
I was skeptical of this since it's the same idea
My dog is one of a kind
and he tore through this toy in no time
Great for puppies & adult dogs
It seems healthy and great, but my dogs did not like it
my smallest dog enjoyed this
Everything was great....exact what I ordered.
Great for a multi-cat household
Works great. Wish it was easier
The fleas are still there
My dog likes these biscuits
My cats favorite canned food
Great chewer!
Great little treats. My dogs love peanut butter and...
Loved this food.
Great tropical smell!
The litter clumps nicely
YEA
I am always curious about buying the "number one best seller"
I LOVED this duck but she is jealous of it
Break into pieces for training treats
not as good as chrystal clear
Very, very happy with this filter
Favorite toy
Great investment. No spills on the floor
Not the same as the very cute one I ordered before
I found one at a thrift store for a quarter
My cats love this toy
Cats' favorite!
My 23 lb spaniel tore through this guy in about two days
I am very pleased! Our little dogs tend to be picky with any additives
Good for organizing items in our home
We rescue dogs and have 4 of our own so while nutrition is the highest...
Better than regular airline tubing
We carry this smaller one in the RV and...
Better conditioner than AquaSafe
If your dog likes to play fetch
My husband and I bought a house,...
TERRIBLE dog toy
Easy to assemble
I don't drink hot drinks
Works perfect! No more buckets
Great aquarium staple!
Best brand of hay for bunnies!
Great toy for cats
Cool dog chew toy
All my cats seem ro really like it. Chicken first ingredient
My fish seem healthier, put on less fatty tissue, but are satisfied nutritionaly
The hole to insert the treats is the same width the whole though
My dog is used to the usual squeak of his toys
A better size for my dog
Great chewing gum
I had to use customer service as...
All of my cats loved this toy
I do NOT recommend this product at all
Easy to read
Very easy to set up
My dog destroyed this in five minutes
The price is right in the 20# boxes
I used to go through basking bulbs...
It works great!
Good price for gallon
Great way to give him his glucosamine
My daughter's little shitzu went crazy over it
Better on the ears than typical squeak toys
We use this in our campers and basement to absorb any odors
This kit allowed me to monitor my changes and get the water just right
Perfect! Exactly what I needed
Mama cat and Little Bit enjoy this food
This one always wins
good product.
She doesn't like this canned food
Great alternative to similar items made in China
Misses her old toy a little
Timer is easy to operate. Easy to clean
Cats love it, poops don't smell as much
Keeps my chickens really cozy
Good value for the price
It smarts if you step on it
I have four cats, a couple of whom have minor ongoing health issues
This is really mild and will not hurt your pet, but it does work
Nothing like them
Great for tetra bowls
I do not doubt the value of fresh caught prey's "innards"
Something has changed in the formula
Great Dane and Great Dane mix
some bent out of shape
She loves this ball!!
Best filter made! Keeps water crystal clear
Small and mini are different
Its not as bad as it sounds
Great for dogs that need to burn some energy
Perfect for my kitty with eye problems
Really helps plants thrive
My dog loves this and it is hard to find
My now-10yr old retriever LOVES Webster
Too expensive but with the discounts on subscribe and save I can get one...
Good standard size aquarium tubing
I really like the Vetri-Science
great texture.
Works very well
Great for the bags
Totally unreliable
My cat love it
I like the concept of being hands free
VERY disappointed
Fast shipping
Will not be buying again
THEY LOVE THEM
My kitten doesn't play with this toy
One of the few chew toys my dogs
Amazing making my water changes fast and easy
Love the chuck it
My three Pit Bulls really like playing with this
This brand sometimes has moths at the store
Good salt.
These were 5 star bags. They worked wonderfully
My cat loves it and ordering it this way means...
Not as much as many other toys.
Best price. Helps ease stress to fish
My cat who will be 2 tomorrow loves this
It is accurate and lasts a long time
Works good with smaller areas
Nothing bad to say about it
This has the same advantages as the other Chuckits in that it throws a long way
This door works great
They really help them to grow!
My dog loves stuffed toys
My cat has been eating this her entire 5 and 1/2 years
I have a big dog and she loves this little bone
Makes my life easier considering the amount of energy he requires to tire
Great!!
Not sure why it is so expensive here on Amazon
don't last long
AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!
20-25 drops per mL
Works well for my 1 year old GSD
Astonishing
Amazon sells it for a good price
Great play toy for cats
Sophie loved her Christmas gift
Fits perfectly across my bird's cage
It looks duller than it used to.
Works really well
AquaC Remora Pro Hang
The tubing diameter is a bit smaller than standard
I am a Smiley 360 agent #GOTITFREE
The rocks were much larger than I expected but they...
My allergy prone dog loves these treats
My fish are happy and healthy
I needed something to feed my dog on weekends
Works just like it should in my fluval 304
Our Dogs Don't like these
Perfect: fits the standard size cans
Good product
My dogs favorite toy
This stuff is horrible for your cat nutritionally
This product has kept my dogs both off couches
Incorrigible 4 year old orange & white creamsicle cat
This survived a lot longer than most
I bought this for my older cat and now have gone back...
I feed mostly home cooked and raw
so obsessed with this carrier
Good dog goggles
I can't say enough good about this item
Cats and dogs hate it so that's a good thing
Very easy to set up if you follow directions
I chose this product for the Glucosimine
Now they use it a few times per day
Good quality, there's a couple little design flaws I deal with...
Good vitamin supplement for dogs
Yeah rite
My Standard Poodle has chronic kidney disease
I am surprised you are still around
It does not, at all. I had goldfish with ich and treated carefully and precisely...
Does what it is supposed to do
I don't know how true this is but my 2year old dog loves it
Very good product.
This is a great device. Even a child can use this to chuck a regular sized tennis ball
My dogs love this duck
All sorts of medications from the vet
Better nutritional/quality canned food
This is one of his favorite toys
My dog loves this brand
Great product.
What more could you want?
Great item for the price!
GREAT TOY ANDONE THAT, BY SOME MIRACLE,...
Great length!
I thought we would need to put down my maine coon
My dog is 8 years old and never had a flea
You will thank God for it...
great, working good
A favorite cat toy!
A cute toy
This product exceeds my expectations in all areas
Good for plants that get nutrients out of the water like...
Goldendoodle loves this toy
It did clump fantastically well and block orders when I lived in LA
My aqua clear 30 just died on me
Not his favorite toy but only because it is durable...
I really love our littermaid
Used this in a new aquarium
Great buy definitely a lot cheaper on here than in the pet store
As advertised and expected
Great for house cats, too.
Works well
good idea making it universal
it has a warning to shut off water when done
It smells a bit chemically when put on
I love it because it smells like chicken soup to me
I don't know if buying the carbon in a one pack is same as buying it in the 3 pack
I would not but this again
My Golden Retrievers just love it!
Puppy ate it...now often won't bother with it
The only litter my cat likes
Not my dog's "go to" toy
I have a white haze in my tank
My boys are very hyper and active
My dogs love it! Just going to try different type for my old...
My favorite toy
It's a little noisy
Nutro
great for a younger dog
I've used this product off and on in...
we love this. cats did get tired of this after a while
Love this mat
Another of Rover's favorites
Great toy.
Great pet toy
Bubbles made it difficult to use
This cute little duck is soft and fluffy
I messed up
Used this kitty litter pan when training new kittens
Really nice but for a tank that is 10 gallons
I put this into my filter media...
This is the only one that worked for us
Love these dogs!
Great toy
This is enough to make just about every animal, including human ones, go "EEP!"
easy to use, always works!
Very compact and throws well
I expected him to last a day at most
The best walnuts for me
Very odd flavor, not like other animal crackers at all
Not as good as powerade
Yum Yum
Works as described! I recommend to everyone
My son's favorite soda
They are the bandaids we use the most
If you haven't tried it
Love this coffee
Great at collecting sauce and meat bits inside for extra flavor
I love this lavender scented one
Does not taste natural and if...
I have purchased several different brands and scents of wash booster
The smell is very good and the cleaning is just as good
Favorite
Sweet and flaky and golden
sweet, has a lot of sugar in it
Good coffee.
I love that the ingredient list is small and natural
works good for cleaning up cat vomit on the carpet
Amazon thinks I am the seller
a nice little variety
I buy these and store them in an air-tight container
Nivea speaks for itself
I love applesauce and this variety is not overly sweet just right
My son also uses it as creamer in his coffee
Funky but still does a nice job of cleaning
Works well as an additive or...
What can you say?
It's hot, and flavorful, and adds a taste of chili
Tony the Tiger knows a thing or two about life
I love Viva paper towels
The best potatoes I have ever had anywhere
They say it tastes great!
Great tonic
Good but couldn't find it the next time I ordered stuff
my favorite dish soap
Yum Yum Yum Yum Yum Yum Yum
The best water crackers around
Blackberry filling flavor
TOO MANY CANS
We loved this cake mix
Brilliant.
I was surprised how many paper towels were on the roll
Good packaging. Quick delivery.
Welch' s 100% grape juice is the best there is
I love all Aveeno products
I have never seen an oatmeal cylinder this small in the store
My 3 year old is obsessed
Lacking in flavor and consistency
Nothing cleans better than the super market
It's a great hand wash!
Great flavors, and soft
Good taste.
perfect pantry item that I like to keep in stock
My 10 month old dog loves it
Great product. Highly recommend
Great product to have around
Very handy product.
Delicious tea!
Good-tasting
Excellent tasting, extremely flavorful
Love the small it gives my clothes
This is the better deal.
I used milk, after that it was great
My husband uses copious amounts of ketchup
As expected
Good nontheless
It really seems to last
These are skinny rolls and the sheets stick...
White and silky to the tongue without adding more milk
It smells divine
My favorite flavor
Love these guys with some soup
Love the ease of filling Method dispensers
They come with a great variety of all your favorite flavors
Good for amazon shipping folks
I love these things
Love Planter nuts
It is a handy seasoning product to keep in the kitchen
You want a tasty cracker but you want...
Gold Stain Remover
the best pork and beans ever
What I wanted is what I got...
even better than napster!
Excellent. I use them for flavor in cooking
Love Kleenex!
Great flavor!
Good for a quick meal, but not very substantial
Better than any other paper towel on the market
Another top brand began tasting funky...
Great product for fine hair.
Love these!
It is truly the best!
Great tasting pancake mix
Great filling snack if you eat salt
It cleans up spills
Tastes pretty good
Delicious.
mrs meyer's fave scent
BUT MY BABY DID'T LIKE TO EAT
Love this coffee.
works well
Great size for tucking into gym bags
These are some of the best!
Spicy flavor...not the sweet bars you usually get
I thought it would taste better than this, and it definitely did not
Healthy but sweet enough that the girls consider them treats
Super price on Amazon Pantry!
Great degreasers for the kitchen
WOW WOW SMELL IS FANTASTIC!!
It leaves a shiny film & streaks behind
Love seeing what gets pulled out of my face
FRITOS Chili Cheese Corn Chips
A life long Dobie user
Easy to grab one of these
Good; wished it didn't have so much sugar
I was so embarrassed to purchase this because... well... I knew that anyone who knew I bought eye lube would know...
Works quite well; a bit...
Cascade Citrus works as well as the original
Perfect snack for all ages
Convenient dispenser.
MANY I have tried that actually works as advertised
This is the bomb
It's disposable, and thus wasteful
Love Dole fruit bowls!
it's okay
Bad breath??? Eat one...
Most protein of any drink I've found
Hypoallergenic clinique moisturizer for my face
Good for a gutache
Would recommend Crest Mouthwash
Easy way to shop
Great product. Last even longer to put in dishwasher every week to clean
Love the taste!
Perfect for children & adults
Used them in rice
These will definitely pull the crowns off...
Gerber Puffs are great, they basically melt...
This stuff is great. I hadn't had it in years
awesome cereal.
I like this shampoo
Great product, not flat
Fruit spread tastes good with peanut butter
What else can I say
It arrived in perfect condition
Excellent product and shipping
Love my Jif
Great scent and great product
I don't use walnuts for much...
Yummy scent
Great soup!
Love it, clean well
One good oatmeal, peaches & cream
Not greasy
Just read the ingredients
wipes arrived on time
Sure does not last long
My daughter loves it
IT works and it works well
Taste great
I didn't realize that this contained artificial sweetener
We buy these frequently
These are a favorite of mine
I got this to refill my Cottonelle
* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet
Great batteries for a great price
Love these dryer sheets! They smell really good and help...
I try to eat...
Nice and hardy.
They arrived in good shape
No Problem With This Product.
Great crackers
They do a great job
I wish Amazon would restock!
It's ok, nothing special doesn't seem...
gr8 overall transaction
Perfect size wise when I freeze...
Deliciousness
Good price before another 10% off coupon was applied.
These are really great tortilla chips
I have extremely dry skin
Great cleaning agent!
I love how it prevents so static and keeps cat hair off our clothes
Great Sweetener!
I like this brand
Love the flat type ribbon floss
Great added to plain yogurt!
Great smell and it's not to thick like Head and Shoulders
Not worth the cost.
Saran wrap
Always tastes great, never over...
It tastes amazing but is high in calories
Berry Blend tastes great
Use this in a mean stew
I will start buying the kind of nuts I like without almond fillers
What a great product!!
GMO KETTLE
Great sponges for every day use washing dishes
Wonderful as always!! GREAT absorbtion great size
Great way to provide nutritional needs with out having...
It's sugar
Barilla Pasta
Great flavor, great office drinks
I'm keeping my fingers crossed
Works as intended and a...
Great price, love the flavor of these chips
It has a slight smell and never left my face feeling clean
These band-aids are garbage
I really enjoy this flavor
SMALL snack size bags
A great source of protein
Love the feel of this spray
My great aunt is a very discerning housekeeper and always has the best things in her home
Not bad for an easy dinner
Great size 7 diapers
I don't think I need...
Nice to have real lemon flavor with out...
V8 SPLASH
Like eating crunchy cardboard
My other son drinks this and loves it
Used these for years because they are easier...
I love this product
Easy to throw these tasty bars in a bag or...
Fresh and my favorite just know that this is...
Good, mild tasting snack
It's chocolate frosting
Great size bag.
TOTALLY SASHED!!!!!
Whitens well
I really like the space saving, convenient size also
HEALTHIER THAN OTHER CEREALS
Fruit blended into a great melody
Works just as expected
Tuna Fish
too nutty.
Those other products can't deny
One container lasts a long time because you don't use much
It has that excellent, rich white cheddar flavor
This product did not work for me at all
Very moist towels
A good product, fairly priced and delivered to my door
They are sweet, but not as sweet as the bottled fraps
I like the originals
I used these for dinner last night
Nice little assortment that grand kids
I love these wipes
It is extremely refreshing and best served chilled
The best!
Good but a little on the salty side
The best...
Love these for a lunchbox snack or just throw one...
I like it.
Nutella makes a great pair
good price in the pantry and delivered to your door
I didn't have time to run to the store
Good chip
Good rehydrating fluid
A different taste from the regular cokes
This stuff is WONDERFUL
So I originally bought these for my 1 yr old when I was introducing different textures into his food
Great price!
Great disposable cups
Super fresh and perfect for melting down
Good for a quick snack
The size and packaging is convenient for...
LOVE MANWICH
It's priced appropriately, and it delivers consistent results
Refreshing change...
Good for daily use to stay fresh
If I bought more and didn't hide them
I love that 90% of the time
Well loved and tasty on sandwiches
Very runny, but still works decent
very strong and no dyes great product
Quick and easy meal
No real fan of instant oatmeal
The Hype of this brand does not live in in this version
These are my favorites & since I had...
Our family loves these mashed potatoes
I have found so many pieces of plastic stuck to items that I have...
these are extremely dry, flavorless and too thick
Easy to make.... Delicious
What's not to love about potato chips?
My dentist recommended this based on her observation of erosion to the enamel of my teeth
Great price
TINY rolls. I thought I was getting a bargain
Good quality tuna
great cleaning product! no smell and dries quickly
Happy period hell!
Great cleaning product but follow instructions as to what surfaces to clean
I can eat several of these...
Minty fresh feel after using
a boxer who has sensitive skin and lots of food allergies
Unsweetened Lemongrass Green Tea
One of my favorites for quality and longevity
Really difficult to drain
How good can nut & rice crackers be?
this lotion actually makes my skin feel good
Always pricey
The best flavor.
Nestle water is the greatest
Love RESOLVE
SPREAD OR COOKIE/CAKE INGREDIENT IN THE WORLD!
Weighs down hair
These are the most affordable. My daughter drinks 2-3 of these per day...
Good product. Leaves clothing, sheets and blankets fresh and soft
Not something I Would buy again
nice but stick to your teeth
Great price and quality as well
Good cashews
Absolutely my favorite hand cream
Great tea, not my favorite with lemon
They're mouth-wateringly good
I like that it's organic
Priced right for Prime members
It is like a miracle for your body
Love these and use it in my own snack mix
I would have probably gone with a better conditioner
The flavor they have is nice but they need a little more
Oranges
I thought these were organic but their just made...
It does a good job
I thought it was a little strong
I like that it's all-natural
Seems to clean well
Great wipes!
Best towels
Smells great and works well
The serrated cutting edge works nice
MANY OF MY CANS
Cleans perfect
Works far better than Aleve or Tylenol
Great quality cotton swabs
Everybody liked them
Great product I keep buying
Pistachios are so good but they are expensive
a burning sensation
I suppose it could be either a random burp, or a cost reduction decision
Great stuff. Perks up the flavor of just...
Good product of quality!
What can I say?
Portability is nice
OK, so I'm used to drinking (and have a preference for) the cans...
I would not buy Nestle Water again
Decent salsa
Great price for these tortilla chips
there is nothing quite like the taste of Crisco
Crunchy Peanut Butter Cliff bars
I appreciate the convenience of having it at the door
Albacore tuna
I wish these were less expensive
LOVE THESE BARS
cranberry juice
Good value for the brand
Didn't really whiten any
Just a pinch goes a long way
Good price
way better priced!
Love it, it sticks to the sides of anything
They taste okay but I thought they would have s stronger flavor
Great way to stay clean and fresh
Great for lunches or for traveling
Worth noting - I am reviewing the product
These smell so good and I got...
It's peanut butter
Nice not overpowering scent
Hubbys favorite soda!
Good for emergencies.
The popcorn is delicious. We just cook it for 2 minutes...
Tasty
Great smell and it works
This is a staple in every Puerto Rican household
Decent price
Best pasta in Italy
Lasts a long time
It's not like I can do a double blind study on this
I think most people will like it
Convenient and clean
Not sure what the "natural flavors" are
These Always Xtra Protection Daily Liners are just what they say...
Good peanut butter
They are a favourite in our house
Better price than I can buy in stores near me
I love Kind bars
Great tasting.
Good stuff
not very tasty
Value sized.
Great for sensitive skin
Does not cause rash
I love this flavor and pasta
Love them for cleaning pots and pans
My kids love all of the flavors
Lavender scent is not strong, which is fine, but Lavender is also a herb/essential oil that...
This is the detergent you probably want to use
Smaller than last order
These work well, like baby wipes
These are my favorites corn chips in the Tostitos line
Gluten Free
The latest Accounting offering from Microsoft almost anything you'd expect from...
Norton Security is working fine for the last 6 years
Office 2007 is an INFERIOR product
I have to trust Betterment.
It's a long way to go!
Quick question: How would you like your word processor...
Panda Free Antivirus 2015 was just rated the BEST free antivirus by PC Magazine
I was happy to get this software today. I anxiously installed it
I'm pleased with the PC app
It executes its job with maximum efficiency
Easy to use and well engineered
Very budget friendly in a software category that can range into the thousands
My buddies and I are trying to start a Youtube channel with an accompanying website...
What's up Amazon
The same tabbed interface as Office 2007
Easy to install and easy to use
I've had Norton products on my computers for over 10 years
Great for keeping up with your music
It's streamlined and easy to use
I'm switch to Alcohol 120. It's a much better program
It works very easily.
It's a crapshoot.
Very good protection from virus and worms
A great product for digital artists
Great new features that make it more useful than ever
Microsoft Office Professional 2010 - 2PC/1User (Disc Version)
I have been using TaxCut for many years and this year (with...
I bought this software with two goals: 1. Have it import all my stock trading information...
Not a full feature by feature review
HAPPY WITH ORDER
I didn't actually install it until expiration because I didn't want to call Norton
PowerDVD 14 Ultra is the Blu ray and HD media player for you
Very fast and easy to use
Microsoft continues to improve its premiere messaging application and remains the best on the market
Good tax preparation service
Ive used both the online and installed software versions of their product in the past...
quicken is getting worse than better
It's been working beautifully. It's been working...
- I purchased the deluxe version which includes free federal e-file
Avg works very well.
Good quality card stock
This is one of my favorites of the early Nancy Drew titles
The features are still great, and user friendly
I think this is the most significant upgrade since Office 97
It's slow and keeps freezing up on me
Easy to use and easy to use
I DO NOT recommend this application
TTax is a superior product
It ain't easy using WXP
Very easy to install and easy to install
Some say that this is the best anti virus
I'd like to type a little faster than 29 wpm
I've been a TT Business user for many years and at this point, I am COMPLETELY FED UP WITH TUR
I have no products to inventory, no employees to account for
A MAC VERSION
Amazon is being dishonest and has rigged the product reviews
Good for people starting to use photo editing software
It's not a great leap forward from 2014.
This software has premium version previously called Norton 360 premier
This is a really nice piece of editing software
I'm upgrading to 2013 this week
Great app.
Not as impressed with this software as...
WinZip is still that trusty software program...
A year later I get my cell phone and it is awesome
Bitdefender has great malware detection rates
Snow Leopard is the latest OS X version
Easy to use, and works well.
I like the backup feature but it...
Easy to use, easy to use, and probably exactly what an average person living in the United States needs
I hate this software for two reasons. I'm positive it will work wonders for certain individuals
I have been a TurboTax user for years
I've used McAfee Internet Security for years and years
Microsoft Office Home and Business 2016. This product key is only for one copy of Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and OneNote
I thought it would be a great time to upgrade my quicken
I hate Quicken, but it seems to be the only thing available that...
Good antivirus program
Excellent alternative for those out there that do not know how to use FTP commands
Dreamweaver has made great advances in CSS management in CS4 and CS5
good thing i got it for free
Better than Turbo Tax
Easy to install and simple to use
Great for the boys for their computer center in our home school
Perfect for my home accounting
I have used T. Tax for years
Great for many different things
One of our children inherited a computer...
I'm a long-time Photoshop user here, and I'm impressed with how far Corel has brought its suite of graphics software in the
It's a problem with my laptop's graphics card
My biggest complaint is that once the "virus update" expires
Not as fast as Roxio
I spent $2,000 on a Dell laptop
CorelCAD is 1/6th the price of AutoCAD
No one should be afraid to do their own taxes
I am giving it 4 stars because I like their anti-virus program so much
Not intuitive but works.
Easy to setup and seems to be running as it should
Very intuitive and easy to use
The bad - it is sloooooooooow
It was simple and quick to install, taking less than fifteen minutes
It was great, set it and forget it...
You can get directions for free to get from point A to point B...
This is of course a preliminary review (written Dec 9 based on use in...
The biggest cause of stress and anxiety is caused from a perceived disconnection from the Divine
It's a real tragedy in the world when when the best word processor in history must...
We use Turbo Tax every year for our taxes
I would give it only 2 or 3 stars
Adobe's Creative Cloud Photography Plan combines two powerful digital image tools...
Easy to use
This is one conception that IObit should keep on the shelf
I consider myself very tech-savvy
Great all-around software, for the price
I have been a fan of Norton Antivirus and Security for over 16 years
Great little switches
Intuit is a despicable company now
This is a truly worthwhile upgrade
Easy to install and intuitive to use
I'm a long-term user of Pinnacle editing products
It is simple, intuitive and attractive/comfortable
Easy to use & easy to use
I'm a computer person from way back and I cannot stop these things
This years Turbotax had to have been my worst experience ever!
This product does not work on 64 bit Operating Systems
Not a great antivirus, but a nice buy
I really want to use this software
My wife and I have been using Quicken almost daily for more than 15 years
good for one computer and two devices
I'm not sure what the difference is between Site Advisor and Site Advisor Plus
Turbotax has crippled the functionality in its programs...
It's irritating that Nolo has dropped support for Mac users
This product is a key card
Easy to follow and complete return
I really love the compatibility with drivers
Very stable and user friendly system software
I've used Family Tree Maker for many years now
Not as easy as Word 2003
Very nice program for creating unique works of art
Well phooey
Intuit's business model is based on selling upgrades
I bought two Win8 upgrades of the twin DVDs
I have had no success installing this on my home PC
I like to play around with photos
A great OS, really a dramatic improvement in many ways, and should not be ignored
Nancy Drew now solves another mystery
A lot to dislike about this program
Better speech recognition technology also improves accuracy
Quicken - a pure 'cash cow'
Norton has some good products, but they are writing themselves out of the picture
This is the second version of NIS I own
Good upgrade
It is annoying but not enough to prevent me from using the 2015 version
Great product.
I get a white screen...
I have encountered a few attacks try to invade my machine
Nothing happens when you click on many menu choices
I would say to forget this "upgrade"
Will change this year
This is an update on what I have learned.
The product's just been getting worse since 2002
' OK Download '
Turbo Tax worked fine for me this year
Quicken has proven to be an able replacement
Thank god I did not install the program they sent me in the mail
Great way to learn a language
I have never been especially fond of Outlook, but I was willing to give it...
I'm glad that I didn't put it in my new laptop
I really like using this program
Good for small businesses.
It was OK overall but I gave up on it after a short run
Poser 9 very happy and do business again with them
It is not Windows 8 compatible
I really wanted to create something with this software
The best Nancy Drew game of the series
Very user unfriendly
I was happy to find that this application has most of the commonly used editing tools...
iWork 08 is not a complete Office replacement yet
Easy to use and not crash-prone
The Norton Tech people removed it!
It's very hard to import your own designs
So much for customer appreciation and repeat users
Strong protection and easy to use, but...
All the major Anti-virus, anti-malware software products are substantively equivalent in terms...
XP compatibility is pretty much useless with...
I have no ideas about this Antivirus
Uninstalled McCaffee virus scan in order to install this product
The best high-end video editing software on the market
What a GREAT solution!
I think the only reason I still use Norton products is simple inertia
Good for Windows 7 and Windows 10
Poorest operating system Microsoft ever made
Seamlessly runs Windows programs
So far I am fairly impressed. The transition was smooth
Filed without issue.
I have been using Turbo Tax for many years
The installation was nightmarish and sloppy
I'm seeing it for a 'low' price
The program would not let me download updates
Easy to use...
Norton is the premiere antivirus software and this makes it easier
This is not what I deserve as a loyal customer
The upgrades for Vista are relatively cheap...
A great alternative to Photoshop for graphic artists
Just a quick update since this is not the latest version and potential buyers will be trying to decide whether to pay more for X6
I'd probably try the free version before installing...
I'm finding that activation isn't so great for us
Turbotax plus add-ons
Windows 8 is geared more towards tablets than it is towards desktop PCs
I have been using Turbotax Deluxe to do my taxes every year since 1997...
ESET AV doesn't protect from Ransomeware
Very simple to learn and the results are amazing
I have found it to be safe and effective in preventing viruses and spyware infections
...that hasn't already been said?
I want my computer to be secure
This product is comprehensive though at this point it is hard to gauge just how efficient it is
This is a fairly efficient and secure method of sending large documents but...
Very disappointed with FaceFilter
Corel's latest WordPerfect Office X5 suite package is a reasonably priced (you can find it for less than 50 dollars if
this is great for my Win7 tablet...why?
I totally regret putting it on my bare metal
I use this on my car car
Great price. Others can be...
This is not a stellar solution for those who buy and keep...
Good for teenagers' computers
It's Winzip
I can't wait to try it out again.
"All Access" is basically an empty phrase
Excel 2007 does not recognize Microsoft Works Database
An all new, easier to use finder
The accounting and inventory portion of this software is premium by far
I have been using Norton Ghost 10.0 for more than 4 years
Plus, It is cheaper than Turbo Tax
Norton just may be the best of the AV suites available
I enjoyed installing Kaspersky, but I really enjoyed how it worked
I've been using Dragon Dictate for at least four years now
Easy to use and install on your devices
Wished I hadn't bought it.
I think you should wait a year or two before you upgrade most of the new features are not really relevant to consumers...
It seems to do a pretty good job
Then, I tried to connect accounts online to banks, etc.
The only thing that runs slow
I hate to be a rare one of the bunch
The Norton Antivirus 2009 has been pretty good
I love the look of Sage's Business Status overview
It's VERY intuitive. You don't need them.
It's the ultimate suite program and offers much more than Corel
Do business with a real company
I like to work with a fair amount of video
All the fun was on the front end
I agree that Windows Home Server is a pretty good product
Best operating system on the market today
This software wants to pop up and tell...
GUEST REVIEWER -!
It is just so hard to find what is the best security software for all of your needs
I have been a huge fan of Pinnacle Studio for years
I've found it's far more user friendly than the alternatives
I am reluctant to upgrade because of the installation problems inevitable with the older components
Great, been using for years
This is a good, no nonsense way to learn
Needs support longer than a month without nickle
I've used Acronis True Image for more than 10 years
I really wanted to like this product because they claim that over time,...
Basic, Deluxe, Premier, etc.
I'll update the review after a while...
The second time I went to a restore point earilier and there were still corrupted registry entries...
Perfect upgrade due to the super small form factor
This program is far inferior to any previous version
Super remote control "app"
It looks like a decent accounting package
This will cost you an additional $34.95 PLUS TAX. There is NO DISCOUNT.
I think it's all in the eye of the beholder
I had tried the DSL for the last year and I just dropped it and went to cable
Easy to load and works perfect
Best Anti-Spyware product
This is their worst attempt at software butchery
Kaspersky Internet Security has not let me down yet
I love Trend Micro
Quicken is pricey if you ask me
Amazon Music play my Prime music just fine
Worked as promised
I think this program would be helpful to you
Corel PDF Fusion seems to be one of those alternative products
Better than previous versions
I downloaded the demo from their site
No techie will touch this programme with a ten foot pole
I have used other Rosetta Stone programs and really like the teaching method they use
Norton Security with Backup
It's great at what it does
Works just fine
This does the trick!
TurboTax and TaxCut
Quite an improvement since last year's taxes
The software loads and functions with no problems and bugs
It's great to have access to all of my files
Slow. Difficulty with cut and paste
It was very difficult to access the internet
Good job
You risk losing all your hard-won insight into your family ancestry
I happen to like Microsoft as a company
a really great idea!
Will not download
Quicken is fast and the reports are excellent
This Virtual Machine is incredibly easy to install and use
Very easy to use.
This version is no different, but I have to admit the interface really has changed...
I wish Amazon hadn't "upgraded" it
Protects against hijacking and identity theft
The best thing about his program that anyone should want to know is that it works...
The user interface and its workflow has its quirks
This program is totally useless
This is NOT the tool for an average user looking to do casual drawings, floor plans, flow charts, etc.
Iolo System Mechanic
Very disappointed by PrintMaster software
I want to know what the terms are
I've used Acronis backup for a number of years
Not one of the easiest to use
great price, and product
The service pack updates to Vista make a world of difference
No problems installing or using this year's version on my windows 10 PC
I just finished installing VMware and Vista right before writing this review
easy to install, for once
Not everyone has had good fortune with this product
No problems with the install and no stability issues...
My first foray back to WP
Nothing else to add / right On :
Great software for the home researcher
Great update, but worth the wait.
Quicken worked well with all my accounts from the mid-1990's until a couple years ago...
Reliable software I continue to buy
I love it!
Corels customer support absolutely blows
I would strongly recommend Toast to even the most casual user
Easy CD Creator 5 will do that and much more
Great product!
This promises to do a lot to protect my computer
Too bad they deleted Schedule D...
Was a pain though
I agree with other reviewers that this version is not enough of...
WordPerfect Office X5 is available for about the same price
I used this to upgrade from an earlier version of this software
No problems!
Easy to use and easy to use
This is a must buy!
TurboTax does the thinking for you
I have been ignoring, or doing my best to ignore 10.7 Lion
Great service, great product
No idea why people are trashing SP2
Corel Painter Essentials 4 is user friendly program
A must have for anyone who is serious about art and digital art
I'm not sure but I believe this happens every time it updates
It's a really useful tool to have along on your trip
Easy Media Creator is a superior product for editing video and burning DVDs
Win 7 Home is very stable and installed very easily
The color scheme is not why I wanted to try this software
H&R Block Tax Software
This will cost you an additional $34.95 PLUS TAX. There is NO DISCOUNT.
Windows Home Premium came bundled on my new Dell computer (I5 processor)
Norton is a great product at a great value
I use Dragon Naturally Speaking Home 11 on my Acer Netbook
I installed the program but...
Quicken has scored again
I'm not a big fan of Windows 8 but I need it for work
Easy to use and easy to use
This must be a beta program with new customers...
Easy to use, easy to use
Unlike many other reviewers, I highly recommend it
I consider this a beta program for paying customers...
Norton has been around for decades
Norton Ghost reeks of being a scam
Easy to use video editing solution
It hogs all the CPU power your system can put out
HERinteractive wasn't really improving them to "great"
Better than nothing, but still not great for standard American accents
No audit yet...
I'm really happy with Bitdefender so far
This is a pretty innovative product with possibilities
The most interesting of all, and probably the least likely to be found, is the Northern Mexican part of my heritage
I became very anti-Norton over the past few years
I recommend NIS very highly because, when it works,...
My major problem with 2010 is the user interface at the top of the screen
I guess I had better hopes for something that would really be instrumental to helping her learn to read
I'm a long time, though novice user, of Pinnacle Studio
Too many bells and whistles
It's buggy, crashes, locks up and generally is a pain
I recommend this product.
All they want is cloud subscription
Good enough seems to do what you paid for
Great product that's reliable and easy to install
Very fast and performed excellent
Does my taxes really quick, however, you have to...
So we're always on the look out for some extra protection against these type of threats
This is the first time I've gotten the Webroot Antivirus
Horrible, absolutely horrible
I've been playing around with Windows 10 for a few days now
I'm not a graphic designer
Easy to use
It wasn't always this way
I give this every year for Christmas
I have absolutely no love affair with Microsoft
Quicken Legal Business Pro
Good for unlocking the Microsoft Office product
Great item, one of the legs on the...
I've bought the Speedo silicon clip before but it...
Warm - wicks sweat - dries fast
Fit in the toaster oven very well and appear...
Good for core and lower body PT
I've got two bad shoulders
Great for towing a capsized kayak to shore
Easy to install
light weight, fits good, does not slip down
Not much to say other than it works
a pretty easy install on my daughter's bike
Great pants... but sizing is crazy!
wife loves with all her chief gear
A bit heavier than I thought
Nice tight fit
I really like this ball
MY HUSBAND LOVES THESE SHIRTS
Great for adults, would have to cut...
Good board that does what it should do
Really pretty good! I'd put it up there with Stouffer's frozen lasagna
A very practical assortment of devices for the average homeowner
Great value and will save a lot of effort and strain
Pretty bad
Good grip feel and stickiness
Not a bad little pole for the money
Good quality for my grandson
Lightweight and breathable
Best light up frisbee out there
I should've read the description more closely
Fits my 10 year old's knee
It stinks to high-heaven until you air it out
For the price, buy it
surprisingly good and easy to make
Great shoe for martial arts training needs
This is a great addition to that renewed workout schedule
Good rebounder
I like these for distance beyond my ability to see...
Everything is good so far
The thumblock mechanism is very difficult for even an adult to handle
Good resistance bands
Great fit. Prompt delivery
The overall quality is good but I am disappointed that...
used to come with pump and instructions and poster
Great instruction pamphlet
No fogging
Sick of these fake descriptions
Our granddaughter loves the bell and rides on the back porch
Great quality chalk as well! Doesn't bunch up
These were gifts for some male family members
Perfect. Made of very strong material
Works great and has plenty of weight...
I bought Speedo Womens Vanquishers Goggles
Thanks to these gloves...
Dehydrated meals are the way to...
I hope I can keep purchasing these for years to come
I bought these for my granddaughter...
I mean the cheapest pieces of junk you can imagine
COULDN'T HAVE ASKED NOR FOUND A BETTER GRIPPER
Gets strikes when other baits do not
Power systems pulley bar accessories are by far the best for the money
Better than any other plugs
Not worth the $$ in my opinion
the grand kids love it
I think it will get better in time....
Perfect for my Marlin 336 and 444P
Not some cheap crap from asia
Great product to have
Sturdy enough
Great rod holder
Hunted with this many many times
I love them while they're working
Great for pistol shooting
This is by far the best yet
Love this mat
Great grip!
Can't find large targets this cheap
Great case for pistols
I love this product so much!
We love her new skates
This ball has not held up under playground play
Very pleased with the Bosu
ok for what you are getting, but this is unsafe out of the box
I guess that honeymoon is over. There is no quality here
Good luck with Mountain House
Love these for camping
It's a very nice quality runner
Good strong product and the book is a nice bonus
The purple is extremely bright
I use this daily to stretch my inner thighs
Great little hammer
I used it on my recent trip and worked out pretty well
Very disappointed. I guess the weights work fine
It has saved me several boo boos
I have been carrying Swiss Army Knives every single day for 46 years
I have two of these for both my girls
I bought 2 boobie hats recently
Very satisfied with the product
Very Satisfied with Harken and Amazon
Fits a 2008 Mazdaspeed3
My favorite dinner flavor
These replaced my Q Towers when I bought a new vehicle
Not at all stable!
This was a big hit.
Great gloves for the price
Not much else to it.
Best trainer for the knees especially for seniors
It works very well
Very nice, wore them hiking
Great waterproof case!
Great ball. It is very well constructed and has held up well
flex arm too loose
I'm not sufficiently mechanically inclined...
Great hat
Great thing for working outside
Great lure for Striper Bass
Perfect for my 7 year old
Good value for the price
Not all the time
It is too big for my car, and I cannot use it
I could still get a strong paint smell while wearing these
Fun and cheaper than a pool table and takes up less space
I am small and it was so easy to carry on my back
I ordered one for my watertight flashlight
Excellent quality well made seat post
The right size for canning
This strap does wonder.
Easy to use and ride
So worth the few minutes 2x a day
Perfect size for my bag
Good enough. Keeps the wet and cold inside and works basically well
Excellent meal.
The colors are all deep and appear to be true to military patterns
Husband uses these every winter for work and hunting
I would buy again
Great set of bands
Does not fit a wide range of bikes
Soffe shorts great for cheer practice
I had high expectations for this Lifeline TNT product
Solid mount
Good for working those muscles when you can't get out to the gym
easy to use. folds up nicely for easy storage
A very good knife.
Good luck and happy fishing lifes
Great tee!
Very handsome knife
I like this knife as one of my favorites
These are the first "thermals" I have ever bought that...
Arthritis in my hands and fingers
Great value for money
I'm an athletic female that wanted to improve finger strength
This is a well designed product, sturdy and reasonably straight forward
True workhorse.
Tasted OK but felt a little funny
Really looks and functions exactly as the image suggests
Perfect price for the gun range
Manduka mats are the best
These are, so far, the best
What a world of difference
Good for the price and the purpose
Keeps my rear end comfy and warm
Good product.
Comfortable and they do the job
Good sling
This is the best lightweight containers on the market
I bought one of these at a local store
My arms are burning as I try to type this review
the shirts are inexpensive but not cheap
These are the real deal
Good gift for camping
Reliable CoC
These plus my padded seat = no pain after 32 miles
Trash. 95% of them were broken and when...
My husband and friends love to do 5k obstacle courses
Really liked this scope.
Fish(trout) were biting as soon as...
Good product, well constructed and got here quick
This is as close as I could get
Great for my use on the farm
They really enjoyed playing with it outside
Great lat bar
It seems to be working fine
Nice pants but they are WAY bigger than the size range
Easy to do and really seem to help!
Would be 5 star if they had any grip at all
It seems the only difference from the original backboard...
great for the street and tennis courts
Best bike gloves I have ever owned
Great short rope for quick dock tie off's
love it works awesome for me, I just need...
I bought this based on the overall reviews posted on Amazon
Great cover for my RV
It was a total blast the five min.
Very durable! The kids love them and zip about up and down the street
My son *hates* to put his face in the water
Good for 12 years!
DELICIOUS!
Great fun.
Great kit for the price and the case helps keep the supplies organized
Works great for storing anything that could be affected by rusting
A great deal for the price
Sweet box cutter.
Super cheapo construction
The Huntsman with a pouch is $35
Good luck and good fishing...
Great shorts for men and women of my ilk
Good line snagging catfish
I can attest that this gets you to a place of very little pain very quickly
Bought this for son and it...
Just got them in cant wait to...
I like these glasses
The beans were not my favorite
Very boxy and very outdoorsy
Easy 2 use
I use them daily
Great for what it is designed to do
Great slings for PAS
Quality built
Great hand warmers!
Love the aggressive knurling
these things are solid! they hold the scope very well, don't move it one bit
Good quality bands.
It's not like the ones at the gym at all
it fogs up really quickly
Great baits
Great height for sitting at my computer as well
Easy to assemble
Very good bands
Great for college kids!
They are not too heavy, fit well, and are toasty!
The dart board is great! The only thing I do not like about it
Great protection Great Price
Good reviews
The dartboard works great
Great blade fit for 1970's auger
The entire office has been trying to set this pedometer up for a co-worker
These are a good buy for fully coated optics
I was really hoping that it would be sharp and clear
Love the grip
A must for out in the field!
The tall is TALL!
Ideal for leg extension exercises I had to do for rehabilitation after knee surgery
You can't beat the quality of Mountain House products
Not the softest materials inside
These are right up your alley
Served me well
Better stoves.
I wasn't sure about this. The reticle doesn't light
Better than usual 2 rings
Very satisfying and filling meal
It's silicone grease
rainbow trout
These are good! They fit well and the Velcro wrist wrap...
gimmicky
I love the "insta focus" these have
Great for backpacking snack
Don't know if I really need this tool
Used this for repairing some fraying seams
Great cooler for $20
Very tight waistband
This stove helps keep me from falling too far behind
The Flyshooter is deadly!
Perfect little air mattress
Perfect for a recent trip to grand cayman
Exact fit for the application
Awesome chair and love the colors
better get the skinny here 1st
Very nice and comfortable
My son uses these when...
I love these boxing gloves
Great compass
Well bought this pump from bargin barns on amazon
Great chairs - we bought them to take...
Excellent knife for many uses
I wear size 31 trousers
We bought this and while it does not get the contents as cold as...
The difference between these and the factory...
Very well-built and durable hand gripper
Best customer service I ever delt with
Love the styling and the quality
they are exactly what they advertise
I was not expecting much for the price but I only needed it for...
It cooks up fine just as they say and is very easy
good boots no longer have a stong odor to them
Great organizer fits two bags perfectly
Fit well and easy to install
Best resistance bands on the market
good paintballs to waste
my favorite practice targets
Good beginner board, great for occasional use
Works great I guess
Non-stick functionality is not dishwasher safe
This little beauty fits the bill!
The hatchet of the same series
I don't like the hard darts
I can't believe how straight and far it goes
I love the gloves
I enjoy the Valero type better
They work great...
Great skateboards for my grandsons
Good for holding water for dishes and washing handles while camping
I love the holster, but...
The knife came right on time...
I really enjoy the Roc style pants
Really like these gun socks
Great addition to the rehab program
Love my bases!
The pictures don't do this product justice
Love these goggles!
Good swivels
Great for Halloween
They are decent, but I'm disappointed that it was imported
slow burn, but if you want to cook...
The worst kickstand I have ever encountered
Very good!! Have used on backpack trips on the AT
Pretty average. They look pretty cool
Great for competition shooting or self defense
OMG! OMG! OMG!
Works perfectly. Now they are not all...
Very Poor Eye Relief
These sights are a great upgrade for any weapon
Great for the extra's
It's comfotable!
This thing doesn't get off the ground
Great gloves for small wrists
Strong and durable material
I have no trouble using them
The hat is outstanding in quality and sewing
Very expensive for a small amount of product
Expensive but great quality and...
Fun scooter! Holds 170lb adult scooting around
I'm a huge fan of Radio Flyer
3M Peltor is arguably the most recognizeable name in Ear Pro
I know 9 pounds of...
Great for just grabbing a set when you walk by
Small for a man
I bought this during a lightning deal price
The price was right too
A simple solution for upgrading an older bike
The gloves are very strong and well made
I cannot wait to give this gift to my grandchild
Good deal for keyed alike trigger locks
I bought a set of these for an inexpensive H&R Pardner 20 ga.
Burris Signature Rings
Great for outdoor rims
Not tight at all.
TFO's, but not in the package
I bought this to do both exercise and just have a mat...
Good flavors and very easy to make
Comfortable and very durable
Would have got 5 stars if it...
I love how comfy these are
This is NOT your average pool mattress
Had one of these when i was growing up
Great Tank for the Champion Muscle Tee
Very cute
Wouldn't want to garden in a Wisconsin summer without them
Surprisingly fit very good
He loves looking at the compass
great fit and hold on my Sig c3
Controls are very in-
Good quality & nice size
Awesome... love it. and not just because...
These solve that problem without being over stuffed with padding
My favorite shirts
a great, small case knife
Works great
They are light and easy to pack for backpacking trips
1 finger 2 finger 3 GO!
Matt works well for me
These work best I still pad more though
A replacement for my son's Razor scooter
Not one of the balls
Very useful and just aspictured in their add
Great stuff to have around the house
it works, but, it won't stay there
Easy to use and carry with built in shoulder pads
Great for Aikido
Very Small Gloves
Great spotting scope
Overall this system works very well. Understand there are 4...
Good quality and great addition to our set
Works great. Wish it could have a little more resistance but for...
Fun, folds nicely and glides smoothly
We'll miss you Thomas, but thanks to you, we live on
good cones for the price...nice they come with a basic carrier too
Easy to read & interpret
It fits (snuggly) without tugging
Perfect for behind seats in my Porsche 911
A bit wider than what you can buy locally
Not a good BB gun
great gloves but these are the best
My favorite breakfast
Miracle cure for elbow tendonitis
Then you must reset it to fire again.
Serves a good purpose
Very well manufactured, seems strong
This is a great recoil pad
not bad enough to return but otherwise do not recommend
Fenwick Methods Bait Casting Rod
It was a great tent for a...
Fit a base of 24x42 on my sheet metal brake
Build quality seems solid
Easy to use.
EXCELLENT SELLER A++++
So far I am very disappointed by this
Fire Extinguisher
Works great for the Christmas lights
Great replacement bulbs for our the Ikea under counter pod lights
Very solid and well built hole cutter
I like this tool better than the bigger...
Good but falls off may be the rubber holding it
Quality component from Wilton
Still working.
Did a first rate job. Didn't burn
I bought this when it came up as a suggestion by Amazon
Outstanding 1" round-over bit
No story
works just have to learn the basics of using it correctly
Nice plates. Good quality. Felt good installing them
old man loves it.
Maglites aren't cheap, they are an investment...
Good to have bright markings
I tried to find better instructions online, but nothing what I was looking for
It's not a HIGH precision instrument
Cuts are almost polished
The floor nozzle is about 1" x 14" that works much better
Perfect solution
The assembly was quick and easy
Good product.
Hard to find
They do what they're supposed to do
Good for holding closet doors closed
It's too wide to fit
Great time saver
Excellent cactus gloves
Have not used it yet
It works. What more is there...
This is the second disposal unit I have purchased and installed in my home
Great router bit, as you would expect from Freud
Nice tool - gets the job done
Easy to use tape measure
It cuts quickly and lasts for a long time
It beats site built levers to straighten decking
This was even more than what I was looking for
I use mine for welding
I worked as a telephone repairman for many years
Easy replacement of existing badger 5
Not a problem.
Best book lights so far
I highly recommend adding this to your circular saw case.
Does not fit.
a killer combo!
I am very happy with my new stapler
Great tool for woodworking
Great air hose!
I don't understand why it does not come on the saw
Its all cheap plastic and not worth the money
SHIPPING AND GOOD VALUE
a nice carpenters square
FINALLY filled one up after vac'ing up all sorts of nasty dust and stuff
cracked, junk handle
Nice replacement for 10 year old gear
Great unit.
Great tool to connect to your electric drill or battery drill
Invaluable for measuring on the fly
I love this fence
Glad I spent the extra money on the carbide bit
Makita tools
Cheaper than big box stores
Good price.
perfect. electrician had no issues
Works well for garden tools
nice for small jobs not needing a bunch of torque to cut...
I use to use and different type...
Well-made, sturdy bag that keeps jumper cables in their place
I like the feel of the drill
Just a little less noisy than a worn fan
works great and improves security
SO FAR SO GOOD....POWERED UP!!! WE ARE BUILDING SOME CABINET DOORS AND DRAWER F
Single LED light is plenty of light in a dark room
i've read the reviews before i bought ten of these locks
Only problem I have with this timer is...
A great product from Dewalt
Workmate 400 model
Easy to set combination and serves our intended purpose
Great addition to 2 other shank lengths available
Good edison plug
Good gift for a friend
I used the pictures on the box as a guide
a loose part rattling around inside it
These are hard to find where we live
Great plier
Good for years at auto repair business
These blades are outstanding
Works as intended.
Great selection for a great price
Bench Dog RT-250 extension table
Works good for fine dust collection but not good for metal grinding
Very easy to install
I've been carrying out a major home painting job recently
Bug Zappers
This in no way can be considered "in a tote"
Quality brass fittings with no air leaks
I like it quite a bit
They are loud and noisey
Fit our 6 gallon shop vac just fine
I'm on my third one in 10 years
Easy to use
I bought a dozen when I found them on sale that way...
Great for holding things together when welding
I need power for a little while and that is...
I'm a DIY-er, but I'm getting there!
Great for accessing the corner of a building and maintaining stability with the ladder
The price on Amazon is very reasonable
Big help for Crown molding
Freud blades seem to work very well
The tap and dies however appear to be of very good quality
These perform just as well as their more expensive cousins
Africian Mahogany
This is a must have for an engineer who works in SAE inch dimensions
Works pretty well with a little tune up
Extremely versatile tool for a variety of projects
I have a Broan model 679 fan and light with the flouresent bulb
very sturdy, well designed
Works great, heavy duty
nothing special here
It's really thin and flimsy
2 things to share about my disappointment with this Woods 50015WD
Great plug for 220v or 110v generator
nice graduated sharpener lets me sharpen big and...
Very tiny. Blade is hard to adjust
Dremel drill press kit
Great extinguisher
Highly recommended tool carrier
Great product when you have limited space
A GREAT PRODUCT it is better than any other...
The only hammer i will ever own
I really like these glove and how they fit
These fit the bill. Thank god for Amazon.
Very tight joints and firmly clicks open and closed
I'd give it -stars if possible
Not worth the time to calibrate
Good quality blades
It's so hard finding the right part from...
These nails measure 3.5"...
I've always been happy with them
Great Price and it is also very sturdy and connects easily to the external...
It is very silent, which is...
Small and light knife
The reinforced cut-off wheel did the job very well
Great for anything you want to hold together very tightly
Great tool for heavy duty, continuous surface sanding
Love this company
I like the bracket and the "traditional" look of this product
Great price, better than expected
It's a standard toilet seat but padded
I think we are prepared if we do
These are not tamper proof
Better than mortise machine
Great product.
the instructions need to be better written.
Great Saw Boss Blade
They performed well for about six months but then one side began to stretch
does not work... i lost the packaging i would...
Great step stool.
I use it to profile auto body work
Great gift for my husband
Very accurate and super handy
Very easy to set program
Love these sharpeners
I expect this to last me decades, and hopefully a lifetime
It's a bit pricey
This fits perfectly and works great
works well in my shop
This level doesn't have measurement scribed into it
Exactly as advertised, however if you came here from...
Bosch has never let me down
Great replacement lights for my motorhome
Great for a cabinet
Great tape meas
It does the job...
My new favorite!!!
Nice little measuring tape
This came in super handy
I just finished putting this together, and is my 2nd router table
Good basic router to own
The worst of the bunch in terms of light
Easy to read
I bought two of these bags for cord storage
A must need tool if you...
A little too large for smaller pockets
Great tool for securing proper spacing
My only nitpik is the label was not...
It looks better in the picture than in real life
Great garbage disposal!
Good quality knife.
Incredibly sharp and seem to be holding the edge
Very poor quality, AVOID!
I replaced a 17 year old badger one
Cuts finer than the 18T version
Its great design item
Quality scribe at good price
What a pain.....I hate these things
Great for a small woodworking project
Great for nailers
Very sharp blades
Super sharp, great dispensing system
It's the same Intermatic as at Lowe's and Home Depot
A gift for my Son
It is a great taping knife
Great product! Love it!
I upgraded to these
Bostitch service was SUPERB at working with me on the problem
I've furnished my entire production facility with them
Sturdy and well built
It seems to work as expected
Great worm drive saw
Great sander
The Stanley name reminded me of tools that my father had and I had confidence in the brand...
Very handy laser for plumbing up walls
Great!!!!
It works for what I needed it for
Works as described and it has multiple applications
These clamps are great and quick...
Not built as heavy duty as they used to be
Light is bright and does not drain the battery
This is the set I recommend
releasing the bit afterward is sometimes tricky...
I bought 9404 model and it was used
Nothing like a big 4 inch belt sander
I love the flexible arm style, too
It's a fact of life, it happens
Dewalt flashlight is a lifesaver
Great for high ceilings!
Good gun, but did not do as I hoped it would with the cutting tip
My husband has used this brand...
I bought my first one of these sanders about 9 years ago
Works flawlessly.
No defects and worked as it should
Very nice quality but we had to buy a new bit to make the existing opening larger...that cost an extra $50
Good set of American made pliers
Works much better than Home Depot's Rigid version
This is the standard filter for most shop vacs
Better than Home Depot
this is the best I can do
IT WORKS FOR ME AND IT LOOKS GOOD
Perfect for the 8 ft ceiling rooms
Decent tarp
I own many Bessey clamps
Nice little key chain tape
This is a timer we use for our outdoor fountain so that it comes on and off just during the day...
Perfect fit
I chose to purchase this one due to its being made in the USA
Very well made
Easy to use utility knife
Great light. Does exactly what I expected it to do
Great drill. I own two of them
These put a stop to that entirely
3 bucks cheaper than local Lowes...
Good for small stuff- and really-- if someone...
I have yet to work with it enough to give it a fair review
I am still looking for the right connector
Easy to maintain and dependable on the job
It works as good as new.
Good quality, good price
I'm downgrading to four stars
Poor quality, accuracy and precision is worse
These are good quality blades and last awhile
I cannot say enough about this mailbox
It works flawlessly, without any jamming
Very annoying since I don't want to use the old screws
Dont expect ANY precision
I have only been woodworking for 2 years
Standard base would not accept a " round over bit"
Good tool for a long time
A winner for me
nice "hidden" features
Great for cutting softer woods and plywood
what can you say about a battery
A GREAT BLADE WHEN USED ON THE CORRECT MATERIAL
I have found it very dependable
Good crimpers reasonable price
Best tape measures on the market for fighting the floppy tape syndrome
great system. saves me a lot of space
Great customer service!
Best mobile base out there
Great for just tearing stuff up
The last cord I have had for some years
Came broken
Tangles frequently
The tip is extremely fragile
what can you say about a nail? its quality
It makes heat, but it doesn't solve all of...
Small part come up misplaced all to easily
These work pretty well. They are cutting disks
Very well put together and are heavy duty
This bulb said it fit less than 35mm
They work great and came at a good price
Very heavy and sturdy, should last a lifetime
Great buy and love mine
I have nothing negative about it
very sharp blades
This is a handy ladder. I bought it to change lightbulbs in my tall ceilings
Great tool!
One of the clamps was cracked
I was amazed how fast the tile came up with this tool
A great company to deal with
Excellent for upholstery! There is no safety...
I would recommend these to anyone who is getting ready for...
can never use this knife
It works quite well
I bought this disposal and installed it myself, and for about five...
The plastic handles have very sharp edges that should have...
This gives a more finished and professional look to the work
Good for my DeWalt handheld wet/dry vac
Great for putting epoxy in your garage
I have owned a number of multi-tools over the years
This is the ticket
A friend lost my screw driver bit...
Nice kit. The only issue I found is the lack of...
Good quality and heavy weight
A fine line of hand tools and hammers
This is a working man's tool. That's the design
Great stand. I found that one of the limitations on getting...
Pretty solid machine
bigger than my opening by about 0.5 in
perfect for high amp draw on my fog machine
Very accurate and easy to use
Works great. I used it in Alabama
This bit is the one I was looking for
Works great w/my other DeWalt tools...
Easy to set up or take down
Good item to grind large drill bits faster
What I like best is the hook on top
Works as advertised. I could never get all of the wires to fit...
I require quality tools
Good for my Dad to go with his old Estwing hatchet
I've dropped it many times...
I just don't like replacing the filter every few months
Better than any other available holsters
Made in USA and the housing is exactly 3 inches
Works great no complaints...
It fits into my shop vac as advertised and filters out dirt...
WOW! I love this fence
Great price for old retired guy
good for light duty stuff, but not really for...
Quality and price are perfect
I love the assortment of tools on board
I am extremely happy with my new jig
Good value for what you get
I never worry about making them dull again
Easy to install Cons: No power cord or clamp
Good product.
It's very difficult for me to get into the area under my sink
Not the fanciest tool but probably one of the most valuable
Not so with this router.
Good quality blade.
durable product that works all the time
Great except easy to loose because...
I bought this knowing it was not designed for my Delta TS300
I used this to demo an old couch
Works exactly the same and does what it was intended for
Flatten bottom and sharpen
Not very happy with these products
Good product. Very strong taoe measure
Easy to use
killer locks, very sturdy and weather resistant
I don't know how neccesary a stiffener is
I used 000 and 0000 steel wool and plastic scrapers to get finish off
Very Good Dado Blade Set
for the right ladder
A great gift for anyone who uses the 14.4 DeWalt tools
Excellent price, and beefy quantity of metal wire
Long handle, extremely flexible blade
Excellent product for the price!
basic block plan, easy to adjust
I noticed the problem 2 months too late
It has worked for that purpose very well
They work good for small screws such as #8 or #10 wood screws
All are great measuring devices, and I use them on practically every woodworking project I do.
Good for the price
Blades come out really easy
Acceptable.
It works quite well after adjusting the blade to the shoe
Perfect saw blade size for disassembling pallets
This is a real time and headache saver
Ideal for the urban cowboy/suburban farmer/truck driver
Great stacking dado head product!
Perfect for any drill set owner
Smooth rip in maple and red oak
Great for Utility Blades with Dispenser
I am very happy with it
I've never been taught or used...
Great Tool!!!! Have not used it yet
Good 2.25 combo kit
Great tool for any wood work
These lower wattage 20W bulbs make a nice...
Great for adjustable countersink bits
Easy to use gun
This didn't work
You have a bike that looks ridiculous with huge holes in the seat... Not well thought out
You child (or you) will want them quickly
Great game for mental stimulation, motor skills, etc.
I love these paints
Got a hole in less than 2 months
So cute
This one is really annoying...
The little floating thing inside is too far down
a nice craft
Great first roller coaster
It is great for little ones as it teaches colors and shapes
Great toy for kids
Blast from the past
Very disappointed.
My 3 year loves it
It is very simplistic...
Simple yet fun
Pretty fun! We've only played it...
Great addition to a great game
I want to return this toy
My kids love this toy
Great swing for babies and young toddlers
Fun game for younger children and the whole family
My oldest son recently had experience with the Live Butterfly Garden for his Science Fair
My 5 year old daughter loves it!
We agree that it adds to the fun of the game
Kudos to this item
The tips break easily
They did not tangle and worked as expected
Fun for 2-5 players
So I bought this for my daughter.
Good for my nephew. He loved it
It makes them happy and they enjoy it
Big foamy dice
We tried to get the Ladybug Land for our bug loving child
At 6 months baby loves this toy
I'm very glad I paid way less than list price
Good for teaching students about money
I love Pete the Cat and this game will help her learning to count
Great farm set. True to size
I didn't buy this particular game from amazon
Put the zip back...
We got this for when we went to FL in march and it...
Good baby tent for the price. Not ready for windy days
I am not overly enthused
Looks super sweet too
This is the most amazingly soft cat
Great glue putty
One of our familys favorite games for game night
My niece (3) loved it
I bought these along with some coloring books for my sister
I'll let you know how cleaning the habitat goes
I love this kit for keeping my 2 year old busy and learning at...
Love this crayola set of washable colors
These are glossy paper-printed cutout magnets
This one couldn't last for 15 seconds
My son loves Kasey, and asks to play with Kasey Robot every day
Easy to assemble
Very durable and soft puppy
Very cute gift!
Perfect for the beginning walker
FAV GAME!!!!!!!!!!
I am utterly stunned by the similarities in the two stories
Terrible. Lasted about an hour
This is such an awesome toy!
It's a clamp, but it's PLASTIC
All colors mark well on paper
She and parents loved it
Great pack!
OK as a family game.
Good order except most...
My son uses this building plate
C'est la vie
Stars based on assumption
Great figure!
I wish we could choose colors
I had bought this since it was one that was around...
a decent box and you cant go wrong with the price
I have two boys: 4 and 7 with so many toys...
I would say 3rd grade and higher
These are small tubs of Play-Doh
I like this game as a solo game
I love this puzzle
Pretty fun, but very educational into Christian things as well
We are dealing with children whom deal in...
My daughter loved playing with this
Great casual game to play with friends and family
the adventure included is very good and gives a good starting point for a campaign
I've got this game to reinforce addition and...
The premise for the game is cute
This is a must have for anyone who has lots of Legos
Very cute and great quality
A little lightheartedness
All 3 of my kids love these instruments
It's NOT the same quality toy
What a mind-bending blast!
It's great to watch caterpillars grow
Very soft and cuddly owl
You must be very careful when punching out the pieces
This was a great way to pass the time!
Bought this for our granddaughter
I see this lasting several years
Easy to set up and tear down
Great kit for kids
Grand nephew loved it
What a great sound this has
My sons are very young so the oldest is just starting...
Very cute and keeps him busy
My granddaughter loves this purse!
I highly recommend this product.
Returned the item. Spend the extra money and buy...
It's very durable, heavier than I would have expected
My sons have all really enjoyed this toy
I was the only person in the aisle witness this
Very well packaged
Very fun to do with the kids
Easy to assemble
Love this set
It seems like one of those instant classic toys
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 5...
Fits nice and loose without falling off of my two year old niece
I feel like the face could have been made to look cuter
It's a little small for my taste
Easy to read puzzle
It's lego
I lose games of luck
My 4 year old can use them independently and loves them
Love this nativity
looks like fun and looks like they will enjoy anything different is nice same old toys
Always a win with the throwback toys
It's a classic. Husband says every kid has to have one
The price was good.
It's been 3 months...
Lots of fun! The rules are always changing
I was never interested...
i was very pleased with it and...
The item was received promptly and was as expected
My child's first toy
This game is a great tool
I love Melissa & Doug products
My husband, my 7 1/2 yr old...
Great fun...we use 2 die instead of cards
Love the game, but was disappointed with the quality of the tiles...
I'll wait this one out to see if it is more entertaining for her as she grows
Super excited for spy gear!
Bicycle playing cards have a reputation for making the best cards
I think the idea behind the Elf is wonderful
SNAP ME ON MY SHAPES
I love it!
Good stuffie
I purchased 3 sets of this Christmas Nativity
Easy-Hold handles are great for beginners
Really only holds specific Melissa & Doug puzzles
I can't say enough how great these are
Never had better markers for the price
Don't Spill the Beans
A great gift that will foster their imagination
Works just like the full size from when I was...
Tile lock is so useful--- makes it...
Great float!
I have a hard time making it pop
It works great!
MY SON LOVES THOMAS
Perfect for my toddler and baby
My granddaughter plays with these rings every day and has since she...
Fun to see color-by-number drawing
I love that it teaches kids...
I think it really should be included with the game system
Great for swans!
My son got this toy for his first birthday
We have used this for 2 Christmas seasons
My son loves this present for Christmas
Great quality and easy to use
2 year old loves it
I'm getting another one!
Good quality and easy to use on their own
It allowed water in on the very first use
Not great, but good
Good pairing with the Dot Marker coloring books
The ladybugs never grew
Love this book!
She looked so adorable carrying it around
Must have for your little ones
This one is the best
It's a toy that my child can grow with
This interesting game keeps you guessing
I'm still working on it!
classic board game
Great for the stained glass coloring books too!
Fun to play with kids
love this game
VERY REAL-LOOKING MONEY
the older kids loved it
Good pacing!
Its definitely one of the more harder decks to play
Fun toy for the longest time
My 8 year old loves this thing
My baby loves it!
So expensive for the product
This is the one we use on my sons bed
I was a little disappointed with these
These are a great learning tool and a hands on way to learn about the planets
Totally recommend for any Disney Princess lover!!
My son acts the best around Christmas
Smaller sized plate
This is a very sturdy toy
Fantastic air lounge. Cannot beat the price
This is the most kid friendly of the Bruder construction toys we have
My 2 year old loves this bus
Tape doesn't hold well to ceiling
The Dragon is awesome!
The colors vary.
My 18 month-old son loved it
This is my second food set that I have been disappointed in by M&D
I liked the other one better than this one
Very user friendly kit
The habitat is sturdy and easily reusable
My daughter never used any walkers anyway
The worst toy I've ever seen
Fast shipping of caterpillars too!
Kids love having a place to hide
Great game to play while on the road
Great quality and sturdy product
Love it. My daughter loves to empty bags and...
Perfect set for a play date
Our loud family gets even louder playing this game
I'm glad I didn't end up getting it
My 2 year old loves it anyway
LOVE THIS PRODUCT
i enjoy playing it a lot with my friends
My daughter was happy to receive it
This is a great party game!
she loves it and thought it was fun
Very thin, bendable building plate
This float is too heavy and tips over
Typical of Melissa and Doug
The concept is good, but the game is complicated
Easy to put together and a fun ride
Good size.
Great Grand kids play with this every day and they love the set
Good price for all the quality sewn into him
Just ditch the Scrabble board and use the letters
Great product, price and delivery. Highly recommend.
I give her coupons and "credit cards"
love, love, love this game!!! Even the people who don't like board games enjoy this one
The elf was perfect to explain the elf's story
He loves trains and loved this puzzle
very sturdy, lots of fun!
This was a big hit for my 2 1/2...
The same border, text, and bland pictures
I'll be ordering another pack
This isn't a game you would whip out for the sheer fun of it on family night
this one is FAR FROM IT
the case lid could stick better
Save your money!
HE CANT STAY ON IT LONG AT ALL
It brought back so many memories
Not safe for child to be in
I played this game as a kid
perfect for enriching the scene
Play-doh! Hasn't changed since I was a kid
Great gift for my nieces
My husband and I ended up buying this game for me for Christmas
It's funny
Nice dense saturation of color that washes out like magic
It's fun and easy to play
Stratego to burn time
Kids love phones
Good price for $20
very tough rubber piggy bank
It works well. My girls still play with it on a regular basis
My nephew loved this truck at first sight
Cute!
I really like these magnets for the hours of fun
I used these paints for my 5 month old baby to paint a pumpkin on Halloween
Perfect size for choking
We all LOVE this game!! As soon as we took it out...
My kids love this
Great sound and beautiful picture of Amazon animals
Blue paratrooper
Great toy
Definitely a game worth having at home
Great little play piece for the kids
Best toddler gift for 2-3 year olds
Christmas Story
A great first time instrument for kids
Great stuff. I made handprint gifts for my son's grandparents using model magic
Little People playsets and vehicles
Was a twisted mess within just a few hours of opening
Great owl!
I just think the 100 of them was too much
The more powerful the light, the better the glow
Made well and it's very sturdy
I was pretty shocked at how small these are
Good functional toy
Great toy for teaching colors
We homeschool our kids and this is...
I'm not sure if she'll like it as much
I've owned this puzzle for a few years now
I would not recommend for kids older than kindergarten
I really couldn't have asked for a better product
Great for the summer when I'm kit worried about my kids sleeves getting dirty
The sound puzzles won't fit
The buttons are actually white, not red
Kids love it, it is perfect fun
Fun game for kids
Its the same one we had growing up
It's so fun.
My 2 year old baby loves this. He walks and rides the car on it
Good for all ages
Works. Kids enjoy
The first puzzle my son completed on his own when he was 13 months old
obv in love with an abundance of crayons
Good game play
My kids *love* these puzzles
3-year old Grandaughter loves this toy
Labyrinth is requested by adults more...
Its cute, great for outdoors and inside
I know what a decent drum sounds like
It's great!
We really enjoy playing it
Great Toy!!
No negatives!
It's loud, fun and works with a large number of people
The quality of this one is fine
Great board game! My kids an I can play this game for hours...
I love these pegs!
Not a bad product but still fun
Alot of fun and great exercise
I love this thing
Withstood quite a beating before breaking
I just bought this game today
This is one of the best toys I have ever bought!!
Too big for tractor
I bought this over priced umbrella (2 of them actually)
It is awesome because it only works on the paper
I have now played this game several times
Great Quality, sturdy, stands up to her beating
This little beauty is well made; the tiles...
We love the games! We have Zombie Fluxx as well.
Ordered offline
Great Paints
Fun little game
All the neighbor kids love these soft foam rockets
It has been such a hit since day one
They are great markers just keep...
I got this toy for my little man
Fun indoors and out!!!
it is fun and educational
A friend bought the 4th Edition Red Box, which I then borrowed and read through
Perfect size for her little fists
I love this cat
Not the best choice. I've used three baby walkers with...
So they're great.
Great game for all ages
Great for hand/eye coordination
I purchased this smock for our grandson
My 3 year old absolutely loves puzzles
A lesson in impermanence
It has been a pleasant surprise from when it first arrived
Great toy for kids
5 star review for selling what they stated and getting it here FAST
These are GREAT! My daughter loved them when she...
It's hard to avoid trees where I live
Very difficult. Big bulky pieces, not permanent structure
Difficult to assemble and would not...
Perfect gender neutral set
I was never interested in this game and passed it...
I love this idea and my 3-year old daughter loves it as well
My brother gave this to our daughter
Love these pens
A great set with a lot of pieces
Granddaughter loved it
Great toys!
Great quality but much smaller than expected
I love this, but I can't do it!
FUN ZINGO!
it even has silver and gold!!
They look good and sturdy
Easy to put together
Very well made, and beautiful colors
It's neat and my son enjoys it
It's a lot of play-styles and strongly fits into Cyberpunk themes and dynamics
I make homemade playdough
I think this is an adorable book
I love my elves
It's a toy but not a great one
Kids love this stuff
Double bonus, we are cat people
Love the colors and shapes
Excellent and educational toy
Love it.
Great game!
The picture shown (mine) took about 80% of the stars in the package
Good toys made from pieces of wood
This is super cute!
The BEST ever
Very nice, detailed, and well-made
Helped to add to process
Better than Lincoln Logs
It saves stuff
Best rts game ever
This is my favorite zelda game because its the only one where it really doesnt tell you...
I'm a Castlevania fan
The graphics are terrible compared to any other game
Works great
FUN FUN, DREAM CARS, DREAM MACHINES
This isn't the best Batman licensed game ever made
I don't think it's fun enough to really finish 100%
Great price for a great game
Atari is one of the most successful trivia games ever produced
I used to play it back when...
Good quality cords!
The game is mature, intelligent, and most of all, fun!
a really fun game to play
Great Game!
Why does this game cost so much
Good quality and gives a good picture
This is a fast paced game that is simply addicting
This game is pretty fun when you start out...
It was not a pc game but a poorly executed console port
Twisted Metal: Black is the best Twisted Metal game to date
This is a great game
Really surprised by this controller
RPG's are finally slowly coming back!
i would buy again
Saturate the blue yonder
"Fallout 2" is just the trainer for the big one
It's a surrealistic platformer
Rayman 2 is a great game
I love action/adventure games
Fun set of games
This is an excellent game gameplay wise
Wolfenstein 3-D is an all time classic that inspired every first person shooter ever made
I think this is a bit silly game...
It's awesome, and im probably gonna end up going bankrupt
Definitely scary. Puzzles are a little complex and tricky
Great Game!
kombat
This is a great game to buy
sega gt 2002 is great but i'm convinced that...
The best turn-based game of all time
Super fast paced action, unique 3 character fighting matches
It works fine. No buttons wearing out or anything of that sort
The best ninendo handheld ever
Burnout is definitely not worth buying
the best Nintendo game ever!
for my sone who lost his at school
The best wrestling game I've ever played
i liked the first red faction alright
How exciting! Or maybe not so exciting
It's eerie at times
Great game that kept me on the edge of my seat great graphics all around
It was exceptionally easy
What game is there where the game play is always different
This is an add-on that you must get
Playstation 2 8MB memory card is a must buy for any ps2 owner
I very good tactical
This game is my all time favorite game
I think it's brilliant that they found...
The biggest flaw that many gamers cite against this controller is its size
The Lunar series may be well known to you
Super Mario Bros. 1 is an obvious classic
Great Game for Multi-players
Wario is a side scroller and action adventure romp
Games okay, but got it new for the expasion pack for...
It was crashy/buggy on win2.
This is a game for the fans.
It's one of the most popular RPG's ever sold for the SNES
Halo 2 is one of the best games of all time
This is definitely one of the best games of the year
My favorite video game ever
Quite humorous storyline
I think gamcube just made one of the kiddest games ever!
Great game, but what is with the sound?
This is probably the most irritating thing in the game
Fantasy IX
Zelda is always the best game in the world
One of the most unique games that I have ever played
This is a game for all the family
Bad Graphics and Repetive Missons
It seems like all these games have that defining fault
So glad this program supports XP
The urge to own all of them...
This is practically a whole new game. The software team at Blizzard has outdone themselves once again
I'm not much of an action gamer, preferring RPGs instead...
The best game ever
It's not fun at all
I can cry and cry about the story
Halo 2 improved over Halo
Super Smash Bros. Melee
Alladin game
I'm sure you'll like it.
Megaman Legends 2
Good game, but not perfect
A must-buy for any RCT1 addict!
Perfect Dark is all futuristic
a great fun game
This is just the demo, folks!
One of the coolest upcoming Star Wars games
I love it! Use it all the time
First of all I have to thank Amazon.com for getting...
Great game I owned it once...
A must for any Warhammer 40K fan
I liked this game alot
The lastest action game you will ever play
This game was a sinch to beat
Good for my fiance!
It's a very fun game.
Ghosts and Ghosts!
BUY IT!
Street Fighter is perhaps the definitive fighting game series
Enough with the Pokemon stuff already
WHEN I WAS LIKE MAN I CANT BELEIVE IT LETS YOU DO THIS
This game is frustrating because 90% of the game is trial and error
Fun but very quick missions from the folks that brought us the venerable Deus Ex
This thing is just a cheap piece of junk that needs some improvement
but this game just doesn't have enough content
Video Game was very entertaining
Zero 2 is a textbook example of how a good video game sequel should be done
Very different from FFX.
Super Mario Bros for the Nes
Pros ------
Sandbox is great fun but this review...
It's really fun to play single player
this came with everything i read in the description
The food limit was 100, and I had thought this would be reasonable anyway, it wasn't
I'm not a gigantic Harry Potter maniac
Probably the best war game we own on any system
Superstar Saga is perhaps one of the best games we've received this year
I love it!
It's a Tomb Raider game
THIS GAME WAS A REAL THRILLER
Good, you can save anywhere
No complaints at all
... the game HAS limits unlike advertised
This is a sequel to.hack Infection
I really enjoy the show, and have since...
Funky-ist and phates game of the late 90s
A true driving enthus- iast
You are a warrior that sets out to destroy the evil tyrant
It says it is 1-4 players simultaneosly, but it isnt.
I feel so hypnotically enchanted floating through endless rings
Mario Kart 64 had little to no competition
Starfleet Command vs Armada
It's gonna be a great game
My absolute favorite childhood NES game
A very good game. Educational. My one and only disappointment is that it can be very difficult and...
This is my favorite THPS
This is very much a game of how much time you'll invest to get more money for bigger...
The best starwars game, EVER
I thought the video game would be much of the same
I definitely recommend waiting. Trust me.
A great livin'large expension pack
Great game for GC
This game is the best snowboard game ever
It's the slowest first person shooter online of any game I've played
"Shantae" is a hyrid between the Zelda franchise and Metroid
Plays your Game Boy games on the SNES
This is an old skool 2-d classic fighting game by a company...
Deus Ex is the best game ever made
So over 300,000 copies of Doom 3 sold...
FFX has the mechanically-best battle system of the entire series
I was a total Ninja Turtle freak when I was younger
I wish I had done my homework before purchasing this system
It's one good game!
Playstation 2 consoles do not have any existing memory cards above the 8MB in size
It's addicting, fun
Ms Pac Man is a very solid gmae
Banjo Kazooie
Umk3 looks just like the arcade version
Very suprised...
this is the best THPS game
ok heres what you do
It really erks me when people rate...
One of the best PS1 fighters ever made
Rad Racer is just as fun nonetheless
Pretty ridiculous game
In this addition of the game you move into a town
I would recommend this game to any people that liked the games mentioned above
Great game for maxis
This is a great game that is unfortunately is often overlooked
This was my favorite in the series to experience
STAR WARS JEDI STARFIGHTER
I own an Xbox and have owned every system since atari
It is way too easy and repetitive
Unreal Tournament itself has amazingly good gameplay
This is the best game for the nes
This is what the game feels like!
This game really makes just bring suck
If you like clicking banners and advertisements off your screen
i feel even more like spiderman in this one
GameCube sounded like it was going to be one of the best entries in the library of games this year
This is a waste of the license
Not worth playing because there is nothing to unlock
Best example of the JRPG genre yet made
It's a guaranteed winner
some games do have an adventure mode if you pick the right game
I only write reviews when it is worth it
I was angered with this game for...
The Sims and Livin' Large
Super nostalgic game for me
I loved this expansion pack, but when I unsuccessfully tried to install...
This is DEFINETLY NOT my favorite
Madden 2001 is possibly the BEST football game to date for any console
The gameplay is good for killing some time
Dynasty warriors 2 is about as good as they come
Its a very good game sort of like Pokemon
ok so all the contra games are hard right?
What they produce it's not soccer!!!
Great game that everyone should have.
This game will go down in history
A selection from the full review at Nintendorks: 'It's all about putting on a show,'
The best gaming experience to ever grace the PC
Super Mario 64 on the N64
Shinobi is a ninja game that takes what you know about ninjas...
Best Spider-Man game i've played
cool and fun!
I've finished it once and immediately started a fresh game
They are now 2 years old
Tetris Worlds
H30!1 YEAH wait um
mediocre graphics are poor
Very impressed with the graphics
Good port.
The only strategy game that is as good as advance wars
I love this game
The Single-Player Campaign is extremely short
this is not a four player game
Great game.
Good piece of equipment for games & VoIP services
I would highly recommend not buying games that is lower than a "Good" condition
I am a huge fan of the Monkey Island series
Great game for zombie blasting
This is one of the greatest tranfers from arcade to home
It's pretty fun
'supposed to be fixed' flaw
the graphics are kinda bad...
Failed the mission about 6 times because time ran out
Good game for a group
Best MK ever made
I bought Prima Guide along with it
Best memory card for Gamecube
This was the first game I ever played on a computer
Max Payne 2 still has the great action elements that made the first Max a hit
The best wrestling game ever
Final Fantasy IX - Circa 1999 GOOD:
You know I play it all night!
Xo lol I was soo gullible
The best thing to being real
You'll love this game
A must-have for the GBA enthusiast's collection
"Mario Kart Super Circuit" is a step backwards in technology
The only place where the game suffers is multi player cooperative mode
I was going to buy one card but...
It starts off good but the replay value is bad
EA's version of realism is starting from 24th...
CTR was one of my favorite racing games
SPORTS GAME OF THE YEAR.ICANT STOP PALYING THIS GAME
FIT KIND OF LOOSE BUT OTHER THAN THAT...
The graphics and A. I. aren't very good
Not the best game you gott a have...
This is an awesome game to FPS lovers.
Great single-player game
It's a gore fest of fun
I loved it but don't remember much of it
Pretty decent boxing game
Super Smash Bros.
Good WWII shooter with great graphics and easy controls
This game is gorgeous. It's stunningly real and complex...
This is a non-stop struggle to keep your head above water
Smuggler's Run is a fun game for people who love...
This game is the best!
We got the SNES out of the attic
Good lighting device for it
I love shooters
This is an action RPG that puts extreme emphasis...
Pretty cool game!
GBA2 was really cool! You pilot GUNDAMS from G
A weak copy of the Playstation 2 "Ace Combat 04" game
Super Mario Bros. Deluxe
The Best Classic Survival Game
A must for taxiing a radial to the runway
This game is great simply because you control...
The game is horrible
I really like this game.
What a great game Halo is
favoorite!
Fun and fun game
I guess this title was made as an apology for everyone
Great game for vampires
The Suffering is by far the most disturbing, violent, foul-mouthed, and perverse game I have ever experienced
FF7 was my first game to play from FF
I can not belive that people said It looks like a game for 3 ayear old. I am 18 and I love it
It does alot wrong, but it does MORE right
The overall look of MOH is breathtaking
Quite different from the Swat series
A must-buy system seller.
The arena is a similar "city" setting, with no time differential
Clock Tower 3 is an amazing game. You actually feel helpless and scared while...
A lot to be desired, the controls are iffy at best
This is the remake of the first 2 NES games, not the originals
Cheats hundreds of old titles
LoD has very good RPG elements...
Gamecube games
I like this game alot but the combat is not all that...
Super Smash Brothers
a 5 star ratting guys
i didn't see how this game can get boring
A 3-and-a-half star overall rating
So you start your mission in search of this so-called heir
I'm going to make this review short
I think my title says it all
Batman Returns(1992).
I like the way the Pokemon game challenges kids
In a sense, it is a movie
Good material.
Great games, and the controller feels great
I love final fantasy and part 9 is a hell of alot better than part 8
Good game, but not a great game.
What makes this game unique from the original Icewind Dale and Baldur's Gate
Great collection of some of my favorite GBA games
Dreamcast VMU is a step ahead in designing home system memory cards
All Xbox owners must get this game
You can destroy ANYTHING you want to!
This is a good game!
Its so adicting!
I love this game, even after years of intense play
It's a classic from the PSONE days
Eep! Doom 3!
This game ranks pretty high
Shinobi is a winner with any true connoisseur of Action/Adventure games
This is an original Playstation title, so it will play on your PS3 and your PS2
The most unfortunate thing about this game is Raiden
I can't say was the best
NoLF 2 improves on many aspects of the original
Not much more than I have...
Great game to play
A must for any game who claims to be a fan of the zombie genre
The origina in my love affair with the series
This is where it all began! One of the greatest Genesis series ever
I can't tell you how much I loved this game when I first played it
A little bit larger than most standard controllers
Great game for Dreamcast
The best way to play this game is with 2 people...
Don't waste your money
I'm a sucker for anything that has experience points...
one of my favs back in the day to do co-op and...
Fun, Fun, Fun!
I thought it wasn't very good and traded it in
Perfect game I think except...
Great graphics and amazing multiplayer gameplay
Best platformer on Gameboy
Best copy protection known to man
Works well on Windows 7/8 but you have to download a patch
Good luck shopping/browsing
A bad ass game live
Tony Hawk is back in his 3rd video game!
Classic Pokmon games
Best of all FPS games out there
It's worth playing.
It has to be done constantly and with an eye to the future
I need one little thing please i need to beat boo manor
Great game for Dreamcast owners
Fun but take way too long
Nice game and fun
You better know what this game is about before you...
This is my favorite GBA game!
This is a classic platformer / adventure game
TWISTED METAL
This was the most fun game I had ever played on the SNES even better
Great game for the PSP
Kingdom Hearts is ok but not the best out there
Star Wars, Shadows of the Empire
Metal Gear Solid 1 is the greatest game ever produced
Super Mario Bros.
Super Monkey Ball 2 is a great single player or multiplayer game that is filled with stages and challenges
It takes me a month and 4 days to play the games I want to play
The game is FUN
Pretty scratched up but it still plays
It's Sonic's greatest classics
What a terrible game.
All Star Difficulty "Hard Hitters"
The best portable screen for Gamecube
It's fun anyway you play it
It's boring playing by yourself
I am continually amazed by this game. It is so much fun
What makes this game great...
The best WRITING of any computer game
Very different than other Shin Megami Tensei games
I guess your here wanting to know whether this game is any good or not
I would recommend it totally.
Its too easy. The game was designed with younger players in mind
I've owned one of these before...
Best RPG to have ever been made
Resident Evil 2
This was the most boring game I've ever bought
This is an expansion pack to Baldur's Gate, it is an add-in
son absolutely loves this game
108 five-star reviews out of 128
