Waaaay too BIG
Love these shoes!
These are very flexible, light weight and comfortable.
These glasses are very nice...cheaper than Walmart!
Nikes usually run small and I'm a 7.5, so I ordered these in an 8 and they were actually very roomy.  
Fast shipping and turned out as expected.
l always buy Nike shoes and been happy so far, but this time my left shoe fit perfectly while the right shoe was too loose on my heal and when I tighten it more it was hurting side of my foot.
For the price I spent on the pair of shoes, I'd say it's as good as expected.
Wife happy with fit.
They fit great.
I know some people personally like when the shoes are a bit tighter or a bit looser so it's all in personal preference.
I needed a good jogging shoe and these make me feel like "Forest Gump".  
They were a gift  to my daughter she loved them
I didn't give a 5 because the color was a little lighter than I thought it was going to be but still a great shoe.
These shoes fit like a glove!
Purchased these for my wife as she has a similar pair that is wearing out.  
Tried one in the store and bought it online but it was a different  kind of shoe .
Sizing was perfect as ordered.
I've noticed that the foam inside tends to compress during a workout, though.
Nice pants but too small for a medium.
Favorite Nike shoe ever!
Good for non-aerobic workout.
I always wear a womans 9 in Nikes but these are bigger than usual.
I usually wear a size 8 and they fit fine.
Bought these shoes with HIIT in mind, but not too sure how I like the fit on my foot.
My knees feel better so so hard so good.  
the Nike Womens Flex Trainer 6 is way better looking and costs about the same.
Fit like a dream!
I always get a half size up in my tennis shoes.
It is super comfortable.  
I have wide feet with falling arches.
They looked very cheap
I was looking for good all around sneakers (running, walking, tennis, etc.)
The quality could have been better, in my opinion -- very little support from the upper.
Have only used them a few times, but like them so far.
Excellent value
In really like these.
I usually wear a 9 but could have easily ordered a 8.5.
I ordered an 8.5 which is my normal shoe size and they fit great.  
Husband was very happy.
Look better than the picture, very comfortable, great support.
But other than that they are perfect.
I loved these shoes...that is until after about an hour of wear, the green inserts on the sole of the right show began falling off.
Super cute shoes.
Tried a lot of shoes for cross training and these were the best!
Fit is fine, but not much cushioning in the footbed.
Lightweight, decent arch support and comfortably to wear all day doing regular activity and sprinting.
Stays vibrant after many washes
Beautiful color, comfy, and lightweight
I've been buying Nikes for years now.
The shoes are extremely comfortable, all my clients love them, just wish they came in more colors.
Super comfortable.
Ordered half a size larger than my usual shoe size and fits perfectly.
Comfortable shoe for both workout sessions and walking.  
They fit as expected and perfect for training, the shoelaces are a little bit too long.
Great arch support and cushion both for the heel and ball of the foot.
Great looking shoes at a great price.
Super light-weight, decent arch support (mine is higher than average).  
These shoes are great for walking - so very comfortable.
Well made, soft, thick & so very colorful.
Initially, my arches ached but over time the discomfort subsided entirely.
Fantastic colour and true to size.
Need a good training shoe that's also supportive and flexible.  
Otherwise, very good shoes
So i had to return it, but i would assume it would work fine for training.
This is my 6th pair and they are the best thing ever for my plantar fasciitis and resultant neuromas.
Although the traction on toe and heel are great
Comfortable athletic shoe,  good for the gym (ellipical, tredmill, etc.)
Comfortable shoe.  
Size 8, but purchased 8.5 for a more comfortable feel, considering shrinkage as a result of perspiration.
Extremely good Nike quality.
They run big and are super uncomfortable and the soles squeak.
There very nice
My favorite running shoes!  
If you wear Nike on the regular, then you should pretty much know your size.
Good fit even after washing in hot water to force shrinking.
Got more than I expected, super flexible great for training.
I just wish they would not roll down.
It's too bad because I can tell the soles are comfortable.
Super comfortable, good ventilation!
Expected more from a nike shoe.
Absolutely love these shoes and color!!
Still breaking them in for use at the gym.  
After less than a week the sole ripped off on the outside of the shoe
Its not as comfortable as I was expecting, compared to my last pair of NIKE shoes.
These shoes look really great.
I've always gotten this size in Nike shoes with similar description, but these are too long- at least an inch and 1/2.
Very nice looking Great sneakers.
Perfect color!
It is absolutely beautiful!!
I've been using these to exercise and they are nice a roomy and allow my feet to breath.
These shoes are great.  
Great product and price!
I am so happy with this purchase.
Perfect fit, as always.
Most comfortable training shoes I've worn in a long time.
These are the most comfortable shoes I've used for working out.
Cute shoe, fit as expected, and very comfortable.
Would not recommend, and will not order another Nike downshifter series again
I love the shoe and it fit as expected the photos and description are accurate if you're looking for a shoe that has more cushion or support try a different style but as far as wanting a lightweight and breathable shoe this is it.
Overall, the shoe is nice and provides well for my HIIT and Grit classes I take.
Bought these for my daughter and she loves them.  
I love these shoes.
great price for the product, though the sizes tend to be bigger (based on mens size i think).  
Not the manufacturer's fault, of course.
Love these shoes.
Superrrr thigh high.
I probably should have gone with a 7.5 instead of an 8 because they do seem a little big, but if I wear thick socks they are fine.
These were recommended by my Podiatrist.
I use these for my Cardio Dance class and they are perfect and very cute.
they are fine for the value, particularly since I lose so manyreading glasses.  
These actually fit to my wife's appropriate size.
I am happy with the support for walking and everyday wear.
but I think that is typical of cross trainers.
Picky daughter actually loves them.
Super light and very comfortable.
These are so cute and comfortable and very light.
Super comfy, true Size , I use them for boot Camp,  cross fit and they are great , absolutely recommended it.
So comfortable, I don't even feel like I have a sneaker on.
I wasn't sure if I could pull off this kind of hat, but it looks good and fits nicely.
These are my favorite walk around shoes!
Great customer service as well.
BEST.
I want to return for a refund.
love these shoes.
Love the mirror finish - very comfortable - scratchproof.
I wore them for most of the day and they are comfortable.
Love these shoes!So stylish and comfortable.
I love these shoes so much that  I reordered another pair online.
I really love these shoes.  
Was not comfortable.
I workout at the local crossfit and find that these shoes help give me good support  with my endurance workouts.
They are a little wider in the toe area of the shoe, you feel like you have a lot of room.
My New Gym shoes!
So light feeling
I returned these as they were not true to size.
The picture makes the shoe look like it has a "boxier" toe rather than the "pointier" toe that it actually has.
Good looking training shoes overall.
So comfortable and my feet don't hurt after long hours on my feet.
Favorite training and walking-around sneakers.
This is the most comfortable shoe I've ever had.
Seem like a good option for walking around in the summer but not for aerobics or lateral movements
The color pattern and fit is what I liked the most what I liked the least is that they are not easy to clean and stains do not come out very easy or at all
I love these shoes and have worn them for a long time.
Finally, after trying about 10 pairs of Nike's, these were a perfect fit.  
Wish they had a little more support/cushion, but I love everything else about them!
Stays vibrant after many washes
Super comfy and cute!
Comfortable right from the start.
It is comfortable.
Waaay too small.
When you do lunges it hurts the heel.
Good looking shoe
My daughter loves these shoes.
The shoes are amazing,very comfortable and fit as expected highly recommended.
Not sure why, but my mid section of my foot starts to hurt using these shoes for a long day or a tough workout at the gym.
They feel good but I will not recommended if you need Wide fit.
Not like any Nike I've ever purchased in the past.  
but they are so cute and comfy, it balances out.
He is 6'3" and weighs 257lbs with bone spurs (plantar fasciitis) and a high instep.
Good fit and comfy.  
Super light weight comfortable!
Love this shoes so comfy and great very everyday use.
Love the color and fit.
I have pretty high arches and my calves always hurt at the gym with other shoes.
I originally ordered a 9, my regular size, and it was a tad too big.
I'm not happy!
I would give them a shot and they are great for the price!
Comfortable and light
We love both styles.
Excellent value.  
This is my second pair of this style of shoe because I loved them that much.
My son likes these, and this is the 2nd pair he's worn.
I have wide feet and these were too narrow but very nice looking.
I only give four stars because the pants have no pockets.
Sleek design.
On the left shoe, there were two stained yellow spots.
Quality is OK for the price.
They fit great, look great, are quite comfortable and are just what I was looking for!
Besides the comfort, they are really a cool color!
These sneakers give me the motivation to workout because they feel so good and are great for any training
I have a black pair which are just find so I think I got a defective pair.
I always order a 1/2 size up in workout shoes.
Absolute favorite.
the best sneakers by far!
Very cute and very comfortable.
I wear a 9.5 exactly in every shoe, but these I bought a 9, and the toe area is pretty wide plus plenty long even with socks.
Color was not at all what i expected.  
Really comfy and nice color
wow these are the most comfortable, light weight shoes.
Good weight, sized just right, made pretty well
Very comfortable and great for weight training!
They are a little bigger than expected but still comfortable.
The worse part is that I can not return this item because the return window closed 4 days ago.
These are perfect.
The fit is as expected
Unfortunately, this Flex Supreme does NOT have enough support over the toe and ankle are for my requirements.
Comfortable and great for people with bunion issues or previous surgeries.  
This is a great shoe for in gym workouts.
Love my new Nike's.  
Overall I was looking for a durable cross training shoe that would hold up to my rigorous training and these have been great so far.
Was terribly disappointed, the pants were way too large in the legs, my husband looked like he was wearing blown up clown pants.
Perfect for the gym, could use a little more support in the toe area but very comfortable and light.
Perfect!
Beautiful mirror finish-very comfortable.
I love this show.
My second pair, love the fit, light weight and great support.
I ordered an 8.5 because I usually wear that size but these are a bit big.
On time, nice sneakers.
Shoe was somewhat large
I got a hot spot on the bottom of my foot the first day I wore them.
Perf.
Size, colour and print all above average but does not wash great.
Very comfy.
I ordered the Nike Women's Flex Supreme TR3 instead and love them!!!
They are so comfortable.
I returned them...found a Ryka pair I liked better
My favorite cross trainers!
Nike always makes a good shoe ..abit rough breaking them in but after 9 hours on my feet anyone's feet would hurt abit
~BACKGROUND~We purchased this cape to use when my wife gives me and my son haircuts.~PROS~- Adjustable neck strap (works on me and my 7 year-old son)- Good size at 36" x 54"- Repels water- Appears to be well made~CONS~I would prefer a snap closure versus the velcro which tends to hold hair - a minor gripe though.~CONCLUSION~This cape has made cutting hair easier as it keeps cut hair off of clothes and contains a lot of hair so it can be dumped into the trash can and shaken out outside.
I am allergic to many products, so I was happy to find this one.
Love this stuff - i'm on my second order.
Smells great.
I really like the shampoo and body wash.
The pump works great and the kids love it!
Overall a good product
I've used Bellmira Herbaflor Herbal Baths for years and for a relaxing bubble bath, these are the Best Ever!
Love these!!!!
I know sandalwood is a more manly scent; but even though I'm not sure wood is what I want my man to wear, it is the best-smelling wood I I've ever smelled in a soap.  
I searched a lot for an organic kid hair gel, and i did not find a better one.
O love all the Go Fresh Energize line.
So, 5 stars it is.
This is by far my favorite fragrance!  
and i love that it makes my skin feel the softest it has ever been in years.
I like that it is a kids' toothpaste
Perfect!
I agree with several of the other reviewers.
Choose your favorite scent.  
Great as a bubble bath, too!
My favorite are the tweezers.
With this soap, I shower in the lap of luxury.
I love this hair cream!
Although the send is not too strong and is a nice scent.
but I just don't like it at all.
Lavender should have a fresh scent and a nice purple color.
I have many tools to help me keep my feet soft in the summer time.  
I like it and it smells good but the scent doesn't last long at all.
I'm a fan!
I love this brand because the ingredients are all good enough to eat, its Paraben free and best of all, no animal testing.
I love this soap!
This set of nail polish and top coat works really well for me.  
I LOVE this flavor of Axe!
Great product!  
Nice light mousse.  
This is one of the BEST shampoos for swimmers.
I would give this this a #5!!
Amazing for solving dandruff issues.
I continually get compliments on how wonderful I smell whenever I have used this product- especially when using it with the body lotion.
Love this shampoo!
i am ok with this adidas hair and body 3 active start shower gel and shampoo 250 ml 8.4 ozthank you
They usually fail to lather and leave hair feeling dry or dull.
A bit larger than I expected (shame on me for not looking at dimensions), but I think it will look lovely in my daughter's hair.
Laid in my BATHROOM ON DISH ENTIRE ROOM SMELLS AMAZING.  
my scalp felt cool like there is mint in the conditioner.....hope it works, I will stick it out because of the conditioner.....I also never understand when a company make the shampoo bottle larger than the conditioner bottle...we all use more conditioner than shampoo, ..i will update in a couple of months
It doesn't lather like commercially produced soap.  
This was a great price for the three bottles, and if this person/company has more of this scent I am going to buy more!
Makes my skin feel amazingly elastic and soft.
Now that my hair is in better shape I think it will be okay, I had damaged it using bleach..
It feels quite nice.
and Lectric shave works great every time making poor shavers do a better job than normal!
OMG it smells so very good.
Can't be without this shampoo, no longer available in my province.
Good strong wooden handle that is easy to use.
This soap smells absolutely wonderful.
Excellent product.  
Perfect for our use in shower.
These lavender blossoms are similar to those that local lavender farms sell in our nearby green market.  
Been looking for good shampoo that would work with my dry hair for a long time.
he says it doesn't dry out his skin and it smells great.
Overall, very nice for my clothing drawers.
I fell in love with it right away.  
My hair looked better despite the initial benefits of just this conditioner alone.
This is such a nice soap, and the milk scent is a nice, light scent.
Absolutely LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this product!!!!!
Received product in a timely fashion and am pleased.
Finally, it is easy to distribute and rinsed super clean.
I bought this for my niece and she loved it!
The best pre-shave juice ever!
My eye area is firming up and very soft.
Great product, arrived safe and sound from "Naturaly" no problems.
What a great idea!  
LOVE THE SMELL :)
Smells great and performs great.
What's not to like?  Has been an old standby for my husband through many years.  
In fact this seems to calm my skin significantly so it is not overly sensitive.
The gel top coat has a strong smell, but it does leave my nails looking like they have just been polished.
Such an amazing mix of scents in one spray!!!
The eye gel is easy to apply and I use it morning and night.
Our best choice product.
.the large is the best value and last a lot longer than i thought
THIS WAS A GIFT PURCHASED LAST YEAR FOR MY DAUGHTER WHO ABSOLUTELY
Also, it was a nice sized bar, not too small like some of her other fancy soaps she buys.
This shampoo and conditioner leave my hair in great condition.
This is a great shower cap.
Love this perfume.
The label warns use of this product could cause staining and then suggests that's okay because a dentist can remove it.
And...I've tried many.
Great for gifts too since it comes pre-packed with a ribbon.
The soap is great, I only wish it was available in stores.  
Bought along with their shampoo and lotion for a welcome gift for an oceanfront condo rental and are perfect size and price.
Use a nice conditioner (I still have several bottles left that I paid less than $2 for) and you'll still get nice results.  
Seems like it will last a long time for those who just like a little dab of a beautiful scent.
This is the best smelling soap I've ever found.
THIS IS WHAT BODY GLOSS IS SUPPOSED TO BE LIKE...
Love  the scent and it work better than any other mousse I have used.
No harsh lines on this, just a great shade.  
so it doesn't take up much room on the sink.
Impressive!
It worked great!
Great fragrance and product.  
Great for an at home spa experience.
My favorite of the series.
I love my soaps and this one is excellent.  
The Amazon price is a great value.
It's all my son uses and great price and delivery
When I put it on I smelled awful.  
This French soap is fabulous!
The French certainly are at the top when it comes to milling soap bars.
I knew this because I have bought it before but the picture on the site looks more like a peach color.  
Great product!  
I am a huge fan of Molton Brown products, especially the Travel Reviving Cempaka Bath & Shower gel.
If if burts bees made this in a 3.4 oz travel (TSA regulations) then it would be great.
The smell is terrible, however.
Love the smell & lathers easily so you don't need much.
I love this shower gel and the fragrance
5 stars
Ridiculous price.  
This soap is wonderful!  
This conditioner did a good job of conditioning my hair.
Best stuff on earth for your hair!
The scent is very unique and luxurious.
With this toothpaste he likes the taste and the texture and brushes the full two minutes, encouraged of course by hisTalking Teenaged Mutant Ninja Turtles toothbrush.
Started using this product from a high-end spa and was excited to be able to purchase on amazon for same price.
I honestly think most of the reviews are false
You will just love it.
Nice for summer.
This is "hands down" my favorite shine complex.
You Just need a little, and it lathers up great.
Doesnt smell
Sweet smelling bubbles and nourishing skin care!
Box is amazing besides perfume and I love the new red door design.
Just what I wanted- this is my 3rd bottle.
But, in the end, I feel like this is not the eye cream for me.  
There are such beautiful colors from which to choose.  
She loves it,  makes her hair soft and helped with her dry scalp..
As advertised.
This bottle of lotion is a good size too.
My wife liked the product and commented that it wasn't runny like some of the other pricey gels she's purchased in the past.
Good deal
So, it's a minor thing to get used to, but sort of annoying.
My favorite fragrance.  
The toothpaste tastes good and offers some serious benefits for growing adult teeth.  
It totally feels like clean without slipping feeling.
Mouthwash is an essential part of oral care along with brushing and flossing.  
I like most of the soaps in this line, but this one had such an overpowering scent when I opened the package that it made my eyes hurt.
It does leave a little aftertaste and it doesn't have fluoride which is helpful for people with sensitive teeth.
Love this stuff.  
but I think the smell is just awful
The process was quick and easy and I received the product when promised.
I don't understand the bad reviews because this is an excellent body wash and it smells nice and subtle.
Wonderful for summer...
This is the best body wash I've ever used.
I really like this loofah, especially the small size.  
These strips are very easy to use.
I've been a fan for years.  
I generally will use whatever is on sale at the grocery store, but it is nice to something special for visitors.
Smells wonderful.
But in general I would definitely recommend these products.
But this flavor is fine.
The light orange bottom (for dry hair) or green bottom (for weak hair) mixed and matched with the pink (for shine), gold (condition) or green (protection) cap booster is the best!!  
Every so often I'll switch from my favorite toothpastes to Sensodyne.
I brought the body lotion and showel gel and it just smells like the best egyptian musk I've ever smelled.
This shampoo and conditioner is perfect!!
Great product at a reasonable price.
Makes my hair shine better than anything else I've tried!
Worth buying
Still do not know whey Old Spice discontinued this it is their best scent..
this body wash smells amazing!
If you are looking for a shower cap, this one is as good as any.
Using this mitt is like washing with an extra large washcloth, but it's not difficult to work with or easy to accidentally drop.
Would like a refund please.
I like the wintergreen flavor.
We'd throw some on at bed & by morning good as new!
This gel is so fragrant and good lather.  
These are glorious oversized bars of heaven!
love this product - wish I could find it in the store, but it's great to be able to get here
It is great for wash, pick, and let dry.
I wear Shalimar lotion and perfume so I wanted a nice hint on days I do not want to wear the stronger lotions and perfumes.
It's not a whole mouth piece for all your teeth.
No change my scalp still itches like crazy.
100% natural and organic and performes much better than chemical counterparts for the same price.
I love this lotion and use it under make up for a glow.
This has been my very favorite for years and has never disappointed.  
I used to get it at Sally's
I can't say it makes flossing fun, but it certainly makes it much easier.
This soap is great for those who are sensitive to fragrance.
I am reviewing the exfoliating gloves.
don't know why -- it's one  of the best scents  for summer that we have ever discovered.  
This soap is absolutely the best!  
It is a fabulous product that I recommend for anyone with dry course hair.
French milled soap is the best, and this is a great example.
She will love it!
It makes brushing fun!
This is a good face wash.
The scent is way too sweet for me, but it doesn't linger long.
The smell is great but does not linger.
What the hubby wanted
Purchased this for my wife, she loves the product.  
My dentist has been very pleased at my progress.
I purchased this same brand of soap at a 250mg size.
The nail brush isn't anything extra special, but it is sturdy and well made.
This is a nice minty flavored mouthwash.
This soap is great!
Very pleased  Nice assortment
In any case, the color was pretty, and the polish did look nice on my nails.  
A great gift idea.
My skin is so soft, not greasy or feeling like I need to take another shower to get it all off like so many body washes that I have used before.
Great product!
Great lather, delicious smell and really cleans!
My  favorite and hard to find.
I have always loved Ivory!
This stuff is really good smelling and lasts long.
I purchased this comb as a gift, it is much smaller in the real life
I love the price!
Very nicely priced foot file and gets the job effectively.
This is my 3rd purchase of this scent...
Great aromas, great cleaning power, and my Parisian companion says it is a classic French soap.
Felt like using scented water.
Good shampoo, hair stays where its combed to.  
These soaps are wonderful.
Item came on time, brand new satisfied with product
Best smell by Old Spice so sad they stopped carrying it at most stores
The shampoo, Detangler and Conditioner work like a charm together.
That the skin there is delicate, particularly under the eyes....)  and his face is looking really good.  
My favorite of the Thymes scents.  
Not drying out the skin.
this is a cute shower cap.
This Lavender Blossom Water is no exception.
It coats my hair well and rinsed out clean leaving a nice soft, shiny texture.
Oh and the D&G Lifht Blue is one of my forever favorite fragrances.
I love the fragrance which smells like fresh grapefruit and citrus.
This shampoo is so refreshing!
The scent is hard to describe.
The lavender scent and creamy texture is just what I hoped for.
I have fine hair that's oily at the crown and very dry brittle ends.  
My son also likes this
I'll definitely buy another jar, though, because I like the results.
Really love the product--has made a visible difference in my skin.  
The fresh mint flavor isn't overpowering and pleasant.
Combined with the Bvlgari Conditioner, this is my favorite brand.
This is really thin and really cheap.
The soft washing side provides a nice bubbly lather.
always my come back  favorite
so i love every single Escada fragrance, the lotions, the body wash.
Loved this spong so much!!
This is a green color, I'm guessing from the chlorophyll/copper complex.  
This is a great and versatile product!I use it for cooking, mainly baking, in some salads and also on my skin and hair!However, I would like to note that I CAN taste it in the dishes, especially fried ones.
Overall - this is a decent mitt but nothing spectacular.  
Compliments on a daily basis!
The only shampoo/conditioner that actually performs as promised for my very long, very fine, very long hair!
Smells Great, Boyfriend loves the scent.
This gel uses what feels like small seeds as the scrubbing particles.
Wow now this is a bar of soap!!
My favorite perfume ever...Pretty bottles, and arrived pretty quick.  
It is not color treated.
Very nice scrub.
I don't like it.
These are products I use regularly and am always looking for a "good deal" -- I feel this was a very good deal!  
I love the Diva fragrance.
This is a great product.
large enough for excellent coverage...love it!
Overall a decent, daily conditioner from Pantene.
It was great for my hair, so I've been using it ever since.
I like to use it between brushings for a quick freshen up.
My favorite shampoo.
Loved the products however did think it was priced a little high wanted to get the lotion but the price with shipping and handling was way too much!
This is my favorite floss.  
My favorite body wash, suds up nice, leaves skin moisturized and has a nice subtle scent
i'll stick to my favorite one Listerine no alcohol.
The peppermint smells so fresh, the lotion is great and lip balm wonderful.  
This scent is mild but sweet.
A dollop seems to grow in size as you finger it through your washed hair.  
Once dry, my hair looks great!
I like that it is a little more firm and voluminous than regular powder brushes.
You have a toothbrush which supposedly uses sonic waves to clean the teeth.  
Hair feel amazing after use.
This wonderful fragrance is light and airy.  
So watered down, I didn't feel like it was actually shampoo.
Burt's Bees stuff is always good quality.  
I noticed a difference on my back and chest within the first week of using this body wash.
I wish it wasn't so expensive, because I would buy more!,,
Love it!  
Not only does it smell like a field of flowers, it is 84% organic.
I absolutely love this eye gel.
I shower usually 2 times a day so one bar tends to go fast since I love to lather up.
The smell is great, not chemical which makes more sense to be an organic product but does produce a lot of foam !
They always use a conditioner, and this works great for them too.  
It's mild and it leaves your breath nice and fresh.
Years ago we discovered this bath/shower gel in various French hotels and fell in love with the scent.  
As long as she is happy, I am happy too!
It's really gotten pretty silly.  
The auto-retractable hose is a very nice touch and keeps everything neat.
Now they love it too.
I have to use very less shampoo nevertheless it dries.. don't know how this got higher ratings
As always Bare Minerals never disappoints and the color is gorgeous and goes with everything, it is a must buy.
Shipped quick, packaged well...will buy again
I would recommend purchasing extra bottles as they make great gifts.  
The best part about this mouthwash for my family is that it doesn't have alcohol.  
There is a selection of four brush heads included, and I like the spinning head the best.  
Good scents and a good price.
Review by my teen daughter:Goes on smoothly, but it took 4 coats for the color to show up and be even slightly opaque.
This was one of my favorites and still is.  
Efficient packaging.
First hair care product I've decided to purchase online.
This is a small sea sponge for the price.
My "go to" shampoo for my blonde foiled hair.
The orthodontist said the priority should be flossing and brushing, not the Waterpik.
I wish it were still in stores.  
My male roommate and I both love this shampoo!
definitely recommend it.
This is the original formula, which is much better than Matrix'snew shampoo in the semi-clear/white bottled formula, by far !
The Lemongrass is a wonderful scent, a bit stronger than the Pre de Provence Verbena.  
I love this refreshing eye cream!
great service.
This bamboo foot file is an improvement over the old style pumice stone.  
I love essie nail polish, I have a nice size collection of it.
I love this body wash!
Great pumice stone on a short rope.
Thank you!
Works great in the shower -- it really makes me feel cleaner after a good scrubbing, and it dries out beautifully.
It's a great product for fine hair.
Wonderful soap, lasts forever, fragrances are soft and not overpowering.  
The white bar doesn't leave any residue around the tub or shower walls.
This soap has a very pleasant smell, but most importantly it is very concentrated and so you don't need to use as much soap (saving you money and resources).  
Love it!
According to the rate and review I thought this would be awesome.
Nice fragrance - not overpowering but present.
While I like the other Mad Hippie products I've tried, I'd stay away from this one if you have skin that is easily irritated.  
Buy this for my aunt.  
This is a high quality soap that produces a nice rich lather.  
I noticed a lot of the reviewers complained that they don't stay in place.
Like water.
Unfortunately, Henkel quit making this product because they said they didn't have a great enough response to it.  
I don't like to use a heavy powder that shows all the wrinkles, this one is just right!
Would love some shampoo or perfume if they made it...
This is a large 250 gram olive oil bar that gives good value for the money (about $7 on Amazon).
Great set!
I purchased a bottle of this shampoo because it's my favorite, ever.
My girlfreind loves this body wash, but in the stores it is a seasonal item.  
I love the whole range and Im also a fan of the NARS Sin  and Orgasm blushes, but this is the best.- Kasia S.
The scent is very light and doesn't really smell of anything, no floral or perfume smell.
Simple biology reveals the massive flaws in this idea.
The best smelling shower gel I have ever used.
She like myself enjoys purchasing online than the retail hassle..
Don't waste your money.
This would be a good conditioner to use every day as it rinses cleanly but leaves the hair shiny and easy to brush.
No more toothpaste all over the sink.  
These are great!  
The cover is terry-like with short soft nap.
HEY!!
The bottle is tiny for the price.
Fast shipping, great price & product.
This soap not only smells delightful--if a little girly (sorry gentleman) but probably one of my favorite soaps I don't buy from the local crafters.
This scent is my all time favorite.
I love it!
I like.
my wife loves this bath soap, too bad its too hard to come by anymore.
I absolutely love this scent, and the soap leaves my skin feeling great.
The PRELL Conditioner is by far the best you can buy.
This is the best smelling soap I've ever found.
Smells great, cleans hair great and stopped me from scratching my head after using this product for a couple of times.
Seems like a good mouthwash.
This is pricey, but the results are worth it.  
Best general purpose shampoo on the market.
Shipping speed was good to Alaska too.
My kids (5 and 7) really like this toothpaste.  
This is a nice, fresh scent, and a very good choice for summer.  
I cannot express enough how much I love this brand.
I gave Escada by Escada Shower Gel to my brother last Xmas (at his request) and I got "Kudos".
Really like the nice mild fragrance.  Cannot find this Old Spice Body Wash Foxcrest on the local retail shelves for some unknown reason???
If you're okay with the strong smell and you want something which leaves you very clean but still with soft skin, this is a pretty good choice which is several cuts above the cheap stuff.
The bristles look to be natural, and have just the right amount of stiffness for exfoliation.
Can't find it in any stores so was glad to find it on line.
The soap is very gentle, and doesn't irritate sensitive skin.
My husband loves this soap and I love how it makes him smell.
Works perfect, suits my dry hair.
Good product too, I do not want to use the store brands of this.
It really feels like a gum massage.
This is my family's favorite body wash, and I was excited to find it on Amazon, as the store I used to purchase it from no longer carries it.
Package was neat and easy to open.
Like It due to the design flaw with the tweezers.
I don't know if it really works yet but smells great n my hair looks good too.
The smell is not great, but you'll look past it to save your scalp.
Before writing this review I used up the entire bottle of the calm shampoo and conditioner.
What I love especially is that the Shower Gel fragrance stays on your skin even by itself.
The products great, hard to find, the gel has a stronger scent then the regular body wash which i like due to I love the smell of this and feels like the fragrance last longer.
Smells wonderful and lathers nicely.  
I have really dry skin and Olay ribbons is the only body wash I use.
Love this cream.
While I don't find anything exceptional about this soap, I like it.
Good Stuff!
Here is a Wonderful list to help everyone choose there favorite Scents!Like helping other's.
Tree Hut has so far not sold me a product I do not love.
Nice shampoo with conditioner.
The razor is really easy to clean.  
Great for for traveling.
My dental health is not the best due to taking prescription medication that dries out my mouth at night, which cavity causing bacteria love.
but it's an import....
I love the scent, it is not chemically based, so I choose these types.
The compression clamps made install a snap.
Perfect fit for Maytag dryer
i cook only once in a blue moon.  
Good job
They always work great for me.
NewAir does not stand by their products and they will use any method to get out of honoring their warranty.  
Fitted perfectly!
Did the job for fixing our Maytag dryer
Very hard to come by, but worth it.
Great product, on time.
Slow and easy wins this particular race.-
This product is very easy to install!!
They exceed the original device and very easy to install.
we loved ours!
Otherwise it would have been fine.
great price I keep one in stock
I had checked all the products and this was the best deal at the time I got it.
I like this unit but am deducting one star because of the limited viewing angles.
As the prices go up on appliance parts, you have to look elsewhere to save money.  
I got a good amount of lint clods out.  
Have a great day!MireyaCustomer SupportNewAir | 3419 East Chapman Ave.
Worked great at half the price
Marvel at how much lint came out.8.
Save your money !!
I'm in and out with these replacement parts on the van.
They suit my needs.
Taste and function is the same at a much lower price
Two years ago my dryer spun but there was no heat.  
i was shocked to see with as little use as this range has had that the grates look like they were under heavy use for years!!!  
Quality was as expected.
The connect did not match up where I had to modidify it to work.
I bought a new range hood and found I needed a filter as it did not come with it.  
NewAir does not stand by their products and they will use any method to get out of honoring their warranty.  
This muti pack makes sure I always have the part to finish the job.
great little bullet shaped ice cubes.
Common failure part in these dryers, but with the great price on these replacements I still have margin to make money and repair the right time the first time!
That said, the product works great.  
Tastes like the original filter I bought.
Thank you again.
Work perfectly and on time!
it will last 6 mouths and u get to do it agian
I used these (2) hoses to replace the original equipment rubber hoses.
This is one of the cheaper parts so I could see getting this one (and maybe the lid switch or motor couplings).  
So in other words, I turned on the dryer to time dry 30 mins, but didn't start the tumbler yet.
They are value priced and come from a good dealer.
it did not last more then 3 days
It came new in plastic bag.
The all-plastic insert ones are better than the ones with the metal ones - I used one of the metal inserts ones and after a short while the insert just spun inside of the coupler, which made me have to replace it AND pry off the metal insert from the shaft, which was the most annoying part.
These are a great buy I replace alot of them they seem to fit fine
Easy install on dryer
No leaks and the water tastes great.
Good  Job
Worked fine -easy to install
Very satisfied with the taste.
Scared me a little.
Filter functions and tastes exactly like the more expensive brand
It supplies great tasting water and removes many toxins, according to the literature that accompanies them.
works great instructions made job very simply just need the right tools, purchase kit, not just dog ears well worth the couple of extra pennies
This is an easy replacement and the customer was up and running in no time.
*** BE CAREFUL *
the kit is great in what it consists of and the price is just right
good item
These filters worked great.  
Some filters produce cloudy-looking water for the first gallon, but this one doesn't.  
Good value for electric dryers
This is a great little tool.
But will buy it again.
very low price good money maker too
Works great
Filter works like it is supposed to.
they ok parts
Easy to replace.
I have been a technician since 1971.
The filter is important as it reduces the really fine white dust just as advertised.  
Worked great.
works great and very quiet, much quieter than original motor in hood fan and faster.
It has a very nice finish and feels very solid and sturdy.
I cannot imagine a use for these needles.
The cap has never fallen down while I was using it.  
This is my new favorite sketchbook.
Use the Perfect Piecer to make paper templates, or to mark directly on the fabric.
This is so adorable.
Too complex for a complete beginner, but definitely a good second project, to see how a larger piece comes together.  
First time trying this simple and time saving foot, really great!
I love these iron-on mending tapes!
I have tried many markers in my quilting experience and this by far the best.
They have plastic gears and are a piece of high priced junk.
It holds up so much better and adheres so well that I'm now a fan!
While I never bought this ring sizer set because I found the old set already owned, I imagine they work the same.
Love it!
I actually like Paynes gray better.  
Wonderful chain for jewelry making:  great quality and great deal.
Like the length and would be okay for felt projects.  
I just love plaster of Paris.
This is a decent machine for the price, but unless you like wrestling with your sewing machine on a fairly regular basis, I cannot recommend it.
Great product.
The Pink ribbon cartridge is great too.
Seems very durable.
The last thing I wanted to do is chase down a puppy every other day to glue her ears, If I had to do it again, I'd use the medical glue for colostomy uses.
As a professional artist most don't work with these  I just remembered using them a real long time ago and had a lotof fun with them  
My daughter and I are very please with the product.
I love these!
Got to use for Cedar Bark Buttons & Sea Otter Fur Buttons
High quality, thick pages, nice presentation.  
They are very sturdy, and good quality.  
Got a good price from Amazon.
Love that the blade pops in and out of it's safe hold becuase the blade is SHARP.
Would be tons better if it was made of a more durable plastic.
Worsted weight yarn doesn't work well in this machine at all.
Works great and pins stay in.
Fabulous product!
These are Soooo Cute!  
This set I will get a lot out of.
It works great on multiple sheets.
I don't understand the reviews that say otherwise.
Not sure this works the way it was supposed to?
I recently bought a plastic sharpener that seems to work.
Bought this machine for my youngest daughter as her "first" sewing machine.  
These markers are precise and very easy to use.  
This is a lovely neat way to add a collection of colors to your stamping collection.
I needed more sizes of pom poms and this product is wonderful and easy to use.
ez pz lemon squeezy
fast shipping , nice embossing
Much better than using shears.
Look at all the color choices.
The paint bottle was somewhat small for the price, but the color was great and the paint stuck to all of the fabrics that I used it on.
Impossible to make a nice pair of earrings with these.
These blades are great!
Best colored pencils ever!  
Dries darker than I would have liked when I think of "gold metallic" paint.
Even at Hobby lobby you can't do better.
I like this model of rotary cutter better than the one I had before -- easier to use -- plus the safety lock is great
Took me a little bit to get used to, but its a nice little machine.
Good to go.
Loving the fact that this machine has a setting on it where you can make flat panels.
This is extensive and fun to do..
I use this in my bible journal, great quality, easy to use!
I'm not seeing all the great things people havesaid about this ink.
Alot of pretty colors
It would probably work fine as color in a traditional piece, but it's not great for scanning.
These crayons are really cool.
A little thick for some wire rapping I wanted to do, but it could be made to work by someone with more experience and would be nice and sturdy in that capacity.
A little shorter than I had hoped, but these pins are very thin, so are easy to use on fine fabrics without leaving large holes.
I have several pairs of these scissors, a pair in almost every room in the house.  
The yarn tends to get stuck at the end of the wire because of the bend, and before the rise of the needle.  
This is stuff works like a charm!
I see some other reviewers have had issues with slivers--I keep a piece of sandpaper in my knitting bag for just that reason.  
stuff and dry and left dust so do not use without a brush, actually left residue to if a watercolor is following- color won't stick so no more for me
This is Heat Embossing; try it and you will see how beautiful it is compared to plain Stamped images!
Super ink and I am glad I checked other people reviews before I opened the bottle.
Calling these "oil pastels" is a joke.  
I bought this to clean my vacuum cleaner beater brush.  
She loves it
They work great IF you use them as the directions state.  
I needed these needles for a specific project I was working on.
Great reference for artists.
So excited to try this out & the fact that it also comes with a template for letters and numbers is a big plus for someone like myself a novice engraver.
Olfa blades are sharp and very good quality.
It's definitely cheap plastic BUT it works very well, is simple to use (I taught myself to sew on this) and works reasonably well.  
The pieces came out very nice, shiny and clear.  
it is lightweight and easy to sew.
Ranger embossing powder is a very nice quality embossing powder. -
If you're sloppy with your glue like me, and you make items to give as gifts, this can be your best friend while your crafting!
Saved a jacket of mine that had an accidental cut in the outer fabric.  
Easily cuts through 2 layers of fabric and probably more, but I haven't needed to cut more than that yet.
These are such a delight to use.
I have crocheted with many different hooks but Clover soft touch hooks are my favorite, I have arthritis and these hooks help when I want to crochet
And the difference between these an regular scissors?
These six inch long "cotton-fiber" pipe cleaners have stiff little bristles making stem cleaning easy.
Great awl.
I bought this set to add to the variety of colors I have available to me for crafting toys out of felt hand sewn together.  
Works well for applying kiln wash to shelves or for applying terra sigillata to pottery
Adds a new dimension to my markers, wonderful product along with my other Copic Marker.
The tape is not adhering like it should.
i love Windsor and Newton so this was a must buy..the colors are nice and they were easily diluted with water..my only thing is that sometimes the black caps got stuck when the ink dried..I had to empower some extra muscle at time, or I would not have been able to use them that day.
Brittany birch needles are so nice and warm in my hands that I just want to keep knitting forever with them!
So far, so good.
There is little "bearding" and it drapes and sews well.
I like these.
Amazing polymer clay sculpting tools for the price
Works great on paper too.
Nice quality, works well.  
This little tool is so incredibly easy to use.
These are much better with the dirt
I also like the fact that they have a protective cap for the sharp blades.
Great set of pencils and charcoals, but the little mannequin that's included is really a piece of crap - it's barely poseable.
I have always loved Apoxie Sculpt for sculpting,but the last two packages caused my eyes to swell up and gave me burns on my eyelids, where the previous batchesof Apoxie Sculpt did not.  
These are great.
Makes fast work of my paint prep time
WAS FOR A GIFT, SHE LIKE IT
For the price, it's not bad.
I've had good luck with Canson products, so I decided to try this one and it's very nice.
Good quality.
There's a health warning on the back of the package.
Love this palette knife!
This is heavy and huge, and it will only be used when I want to store the machine in a closet.  
Work perfect in both my Olfa and Fiskars.
For those who do not know much about computers, it is so easy and the instructions are very simple.  
I have used the whole set already and will be purchasing another.
I can get pretty fine lines with these and they don't clog like the other nail art pens.
A really nice set of pencils for sketching and drawing.
So far I have been very pleased with the easy of set up.
Knits up quick.
I am so glad that I purchased this stitch counter.  
Love this cutting set so much.
These work quite well.
Cute fun & so easy!
I recently received my embossing powders.  
I've added pages which is not easy to do but doable.
but I just don't like the way it works.  
Super fine embossing powers gives a radiant glow, is easy to work with and the effects add class and charm.
I love this Liquitex Gloss Acrylic Fluid Medium, it changes the way your canvas thinning the liquid and make it flow.
I don't even have to watch the pad to dry out between uses.
Overall, a very nice paint kit, and I purchased additional brushes, paint, and supplies to help with future projects.
I am not into crafting in a major way, but do have a few tools, this tote is just the right size for me.  
While these definitely won't cut clothing or hair they are hard to use even on paper.  
These are great to help finish up my project, weaving in the loose ends,The containers great to have to keep the needles from getting lost.
This is a very nice set of drawing pencils.
Not wonderful, but useful for little projects for kids.
Even cutting through WOOD!
Daughter loved working on this.
will come in handy
I'm glad I got this one with a little extra length, works as it should obviously and the length makes it worth the price, don't think it's vinyl though lol
Great quality.
Love these cleaners compared to the rest.
Love this yarn.
These did the job perfectly.  
Great shaping tool.
youd be better off just spending the money on a prismacolor watercolor pencil set.
Spool will last a long long time.
Once in awhile I just have to soak my brushes to get them really clean.
If you do this, use**  CAUTION, CAUTION, CAUTION **!!
I received different answers (Germany, Switzerland and Italy) but all were acceptable.  
I love lion brand pound of love yarn, and Creamsicle is a beautiful color!
Colors are nice and bright.  
As described
Flawless work when I use them!
Love these sharp, pointy scissors for detail work/fussy cutting paper.
These get 'damaged' by an eyelash in their way, but we gotta have 'em to get the crisp cuts.
Some reviews have said their scissors did not say "Gingher" on them; mine did have the Gingher name on them & "made in Italy".
This bleeds a little on canvas shoes
Disappointed, almost immediately, replaced with these HAGERTY SILVER POLISHING CLOTHS.
Product was as described.
super fun, but don't glow for very long - and need a lot of intense direct sun to get glowing the first place
My teacher recommended this brush.  
I love it.
some come half full!Ao I don't like that
A great gift at a great price
Intense color.
With a cat, I have ahandy tool for simple repairs to my leatherfurniture.
I still am in love with the design and the heavy metal construction.
Love it.  
These are the best household scissors I have ever used.
I like that they supply bags of single colors only.
It is very useful and very easy to use.
For me, the absolute best thing about this foiler is the centering of the copper foil!  
It takes some trial and error but the colors are beautiful.
But it is better then the old fashioned wooden hoops.
I make washcloths, dish rags, personal towels, and even several sweaters.
I liked these so much, I bought all the sizes Clover makes.
Using a regular chalk is better than this.
Great purchase!
Bent tip was a wonderful idea.
Turned out great.
Faber- Castell makes great soft pastels and I love these.
I don't need this item and don't like the idea of having to pay to have it returned.
They fit my Dremel burner no problem.
these are great  and I will re order these
The color came out great, and even after washing a couple times to make sure there was no more dye leaking out, the color was still vibrant.
I got this and it was super super thick... like putty...
I was pretty disappointed with this spindle.  
Great gun but the Amazon price is very high.  
A good standard loom hook.
Gift I got for my niece that is 16 and a great little artist, she stated these are a smooth drawing tool
Sturdy and well-made and just the size I needed for crocheting rag rugs.
Love this.
Perfect for piecing.
Oh OLFA rotary cutter ...
It takes a little getting use to because the handle is wider but well worth the effort.
Even great for picking up spilled pins !!
I like the way they mark; however, they don't last very long.  
The difference!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
Excellent pricing for superior Crayolas.
Oh and the needles that arrived with the container were also very good.  
These alcohol inks are fantastic!  
This is a neat design.  

I would recommend it when you need to use a tearaway stablizer.
These are the sharpest scissors I have ever used, and I have had drawers full.
Used this for quite heavy weight IKEA curtains.

I like it a lot!
cool huh?
Although I knew the size of the box, it is larger than I need so I add some bubble wrap to keep the tools secure.
I love Mod Podge, so many uses!
Great for making warm quilts !
I bought these to mix with inks and paints.
Pretty colors, but this stuff was a pain to spin.  
Yarn had often eluded me  but I got that little monster now.
This paper is fantastic!!!
THESE ARE GREAT TO MAKE EARRINGS
Great selection of natural colors and very pleased with the doll wigs.
Wash off well but the colors are bright.  
Works with minimal effort or force.
We use lots of paper on bulletin boards at our center and it is very nice to find some with a good weight, a variety of colors and a reasonable price!
Cutest little hammer I've ever seen.
I really like these crochet hooks.  
All of the essential knitting accessories for an incredible price!
Wow -- these are the super pastel pencils that you always wished for.  
Easy to interchange.  
When used as directed, this is great stuff!  
You can never have too much white or black thread & Singer is a good brand.
The hole in the needle is too small for the automatic threader on my machine and since I planned to use these for embroidery, and need to change colors frequently, hand threading isn't an option.
Works very well for the project we wanted it for.
Works like a charm.
Fun, addicting.  
I really like this brand of knitting needles.
I tape watercolor or mixed media paper to it before starting a painting and it keeps the paper from warping and bubbling.
Unfortunately my needles were not in the best of shape.
Bit cumbersome to do, but very handy and useful for avoiding accidents.
These brushes can stand the heat required to do encaustic painting and do not melt like synthetic brushes.
I think that these are a good pair of scissors for the money.
this drawing pad is awesome.
I received my package a day early and I am happy to have gotten the original mats because I DO NOT like the Imagine mats.  
Great paints but colors do not glow in the dark.
Works great with calligraphy and black ink.  
I wanted a neat, zipper case with interchangeable needle tips for travel.
 Red Heart yarn!!!
I may need to look into finding some larger sizes from this same seller.
It was very easy to adjust, you just have to adjust each knob a bit at a time rather than all at once.
Absolutely wonderful to find yarn on line!
This product is hard to find.
I love my new charm.
The yarn didn't knot when it came out and was easy to work with.
Great results!
Perfect gift for my nephew who loves to paint.
I guess this is allright.
Perfect!
Bought this item as Christmas gift and it was dearly loved.  
Came out nice, very detailed.great colors.
WORKS GREAT FOR MY JOB WHEN PACKAGES ARE OPEN
and it's pretty useless.
Good stuff, and the 32oz bottle is very inexpensive for what you get.
I found this product to be decent at storing photos.  
Never used plastic hoop before, it has worked out nicely.
This hoop is easy to adjust and holds fabric tightly without slipping.
Love the fact I got 2 folders in one for the price of one, works great and looks great too
Fun, but tiring
This heat gun does take a little longer to heat up but does prevent scorching and does well on acetate also.
It is beautiful, and very cheap too.
they are not the best color that i have but do it the jobthe colors are brigthley, are bold.the metal case don't close well
Hard to use, they don't mark as easily as chalk, therefore making it difficult to mark my lines and cuts without stretching and skewing my fabric.
Disappointed with product.
What's to say?
Other than that I love how all the images go together and creates a wonderful ocean scene.
I love this medium and recently used it to paint some aprons.
Thank you!
The first blade is already getting a little dull and I haven't been using it for very long, so not loving that.
This paper is super thin and it does a really good job of holding the ink.
I have wooden knitting needles, that are very nice and smooth to work with.  
I gave it to my DIL who will love it.
after reading a ton of frisket reviews I ordered a big bottle of this feeling I would be using this brand the most.
So happy I bought these scissors!
I love Jacquard acid dyes.
Perfect seller and this is a great sealer for your canvasses and precious art.

Not a uniform dye.
Makes it a lot easier to carry machine to club house or just from bedroom to kitchen table.
I've been using cheap watercolor paint brushes so Windsor & Newton has been an amazing upgrade.
It is going to be a perfect tool when I pick fabrics for my quilts.
After they worked great.
I have small children who love to get into everything, especially my craft supplies.  
Gorgeous, dye-fast colors, sturdy construction and no fraying.  
Just kinda smudged and looked awful.  
Put them around the edge of a Styrofoam plate --- put the white in the middle and have a glorious good time.
I am not a painter, just someone working with paints on fabrics.  
I like the stabilizer
Pretty powder.  
Difficult to get off the spool, dangles easily  Just a total waste of money.
These are great for marking, but the container itself is not the most durable.
excellent picture, description, and item.
Will not be using these needles again
This machine is great for a beginner like me.  
Clover take I bamboo circular knitting needles are fabulous.
They work great for fabric
Easy to use; can fit all of them in a little glass so they are handy.
These are very easy to bend.
Best cutter ever.  
you will need this for heavy duty sewing- good idea for survival kits and hunters.
Covers wood looks good
Great for the price you pay.
I still really like this hook.  
And the container is great with lots of room for more needles to be added.  
These are great scissors for the office.  
I was disappointed in the hook.  
This is a great size and stackable with all other varieties of 'Super Satchel'.
Great scissors!  
these are tiny size things of yarn...
I had read the reviews and so I ordered 15 yards.
I love the self-healing effect.
I let each layer dry in the sun and the result is a nice even white.
Recommend highly.
I love the company of Crayola bc they work so well and it is the best quality in arts and crafts.
I liked the fact there were many sizes in this package, as my husband uses them for his many garage projects, and then throws them away after the one-time purpose.  
I took it apart as best I could to try to clean it or oil the joints, but it didn't work.
Love distress inks for many technics.
This works great and looks amazing!
I'm satisfied with the lace corner, beautiful and works well.
I used this to make my 1st pair of socks - tube socks - and everyone loved the way the color looked in them.
Its got potassium and its a great price.
Liked these so well I bought two pairs :)
I found that this sewing foot is great when sewing the standard 5/8" hem allowance called for when sewing patterns.
Very nice.
and then you can also put your sm parts from your models in them so you don't lose any parts
This review is about the CLEAR EMBOSSING INK.
Will still use but not as I invisioned.
This worked fine for my Craftsy class on painting with diluted ink.  
A good kit for both the stamp-making novice and the artist who's looking to get back into it after years of no stamping.
Nice sharp blade, beautiful to look at.
They're not - they're shades of a pretty ever green, soft mauve, and cream.  
Nice large skein of the color I needed to coordinate with a variegated yarn I was working with.  
I love the size of this scissors for my detailed crafts.  
These work nicely for blocking a sweater.  
it was a great buy and if I ever needany more I will get enough box!
only complaint is that it dries slowly so it's pretty easy to smudge it.
A piece of chalk works better.
Good bang for your buck
Looks like real snow, not cut up/chopped up plastic mylar-looking film like that found in my local craft stores.
It's nice to have some good utilitarian stitch markers around.
I've written another review about Aleene's (fast grab Tacky Glue) products all of which I have tried have been excellent.
This a handy tool for quickly getting your paint mixed up without shaking and getting air bubbles in the paint
I like the Princeton brushes, but find the striper and the dagger to be too floppy for precision work.
It has decent coverage for acrylic.
Got this at a great price.
These are gorgeous watercolors!
It also stains plastic palettes.
Perfect color for Newt's scarf
Great cleaners.  
but overall great
I love the Jacquard mica powders.
Much easier than scissors.
They are working good for cutting lighter craft paper, and vinyls.  
Synthetic brushes work well with these watercolors.
There are two other resins out there for this that I love.
This is a terrific sat at a great price.
I buy too many of these tubes for my really bad art.
If the tube gets cracked and the paint dries out, it is still easy to mix it with water and keep using it.  
Excellent quality, packaged securely.
I thought I was buying a new sewing machine.
The toolopens key rings, but the gap is so small, that it is difficult to fit anything in.  
They cut much nicer and closer than the set that came with my brother 770 machine.
This yarn is so easy to work with.
which is an amazing deal.  
One of the most versatile dye inks available.
But my favorite craft is to hole punch a bunch of different colored paper and then collect all the little punched hearts and then use them as HEART CONFETTI! Yay!!!
I was really careful with the yarn and the scarf turned out alright.
I like this brand.  
A gift for a friend how wants to learn to knit and she liked it a lot  and i was the teacher
Great for anything touching skin or really anything else
Looks great and so far is durable.
Otra cosa el grosor del cable para mi no es problema por el contrario me gusta mas asi que los tan finitos que se enrollan mucho.
I used it to etch some glasses with my husband's favorite baseball team's logo.  
But i've got other scissors that are easier to handle that snip and am not sure what good these can be for?
I'm not happy with it.  
I love the fact that it comes in a pouch which has a funky design.
These are very nice pencils, however the tin is not as pictured.
Good maleability, but not too soft.
It works great.  
Mix good together
No doubt will work on stencils.
There isn't much to say about this except it delivers what you need.  
Prefer over heavy body for almost everything.
Good delivery - really good glue
Beautiful fun set of watercolor brushes.
there is a reason they seem like the best deal ever for tho style brush pen
The hooks are shorter then other hooks but feel great to use.
They are what they are.  
Good way to store sockets, but they fall out once and a while.  
Applied with a Milwaukee variable speed polisher.  
Looks great.
Well..made in USA...does the job...and it is not quiet...
This was a cheap and easy way to diagnose and rule out any issues with spark.
Good StuffGreat stuff, makes leather feel good!
Master builds a good product.
I don't see it as an item to use every day or on a regular basis, but it is convenient, seems durable, and is compact.
Put these on my '99 silverado with 154K on it.  
It is easy to use and the instructions on the bottle provide the optimal application method.
Installed on my Victory motorcycle, it's louder than any motorcycle horn I've heard, and has a pleasing tone as well.
The rest is slick...
Good and strong for blowing off dust.
I don't have any reason rate them less than a 5.
I just love turning NIGHT to DAY!!!
Can't beat the price!
Exactly what I needed, at a great price.
after all the review, i tried this, gave it awhile and made no change in the transmission on a dodge dakota.
The bucket I recieved was nothing like the photo advertised, it is just a plain round bucket slightly better than the quality of a Dollar store bucket.
Great buy
Works could be better.
Worked as advertised.
I purchased a 16 oz. bottle nearly a year ago I guess because I had read so many positive reviews.  
Absolutely love this -- works better than a natural chamois, or other water absorbing products.  
Love NJ !
Seems like the product itself is good but the nozzle likes to clog up no matter how much I shook it before hand.
MY WHITE AUTO VERY GOOD ( YOU HAVE A BLESS DAY)
They are a tight fit.  
thick plastic with quality fittings will make this thing last for a long time.
The nice thing about these smaller  amounts is that once you puncture the seal and use the product, the remaining product will likely harden in the tube.
I actually bought these for the wrong application but it appears that this product is well made and very durable.  
good product ,but small wing nuts
quality was good
Metra is the best I've ever used.
Got this to fill in some small gaps in the sealant on my RV.  
Optimal use of this product every 4-5 months for a single car will make this bottle last for years.
Depending on the oxidation,  you may need to wet sand first then use this as a polish then apply it multiple times for the best result.
Excellent Jack Stands, well worth the money!
used this to repair the head on the car worked perfect'
The blanket is very nice flannel material.
Not a ten minute job but easily 20 minutes.
Great product.  
Very good idea, I have a 4-Runner which has a filer in a bad place and need the right tool to get to it.  
Great Product.
NOT 2-3/4" Minimum Height as Advertised.
For salt water it's probably great; but for fresh water I don't think it's any better then regular household silicon sealant.
Have not installed this yet but the sound is exactly what i wanted .
Save a TON of money..
And it smells good too!!
I will try too remember this company again if I need anything again.
Good unit for the price, however it would be nice to have just a little extra double back adhesive if case you need to do a repair.
so I replaced with this and it looks flawless.
It fits very well and it looks great.
It installed well, fits acceptably, and appears to be of good quality.  
How good can a tire tread depth gauge be?  
I bought this to replace the dying battery in my 2008 BMW R1200RT.
It covered the tire great and was easy to install.
The bolts that come with this are a bit too short to go through the pump and the mounting frame, so I wound up using the previous bolts.
Kit comes with cleaning spray and recharger oil.  
This thing is a piece of junk.
I always used this product and I'm totally satisfied with it on my car especially and even works with my phone otter box cover to make it looks like new again.
Bad fit bad quality
not only was the price half, but the fuel I would have had to use to get to interstate would have doubled there price again.
Bought this for my tool box.
It fits and is well made
Fast Shipping, Good Quality Product, although a pair of side cutter pliers works equally as well.
Durable material
Holds my Moto-Tote like its welded in place.
Good tool not bad for the price back then.
Kudos to Me guitars for a superior product.  
Product for great cleaning out the air filter you wouldn't believe how dirty one can be until you wash it.
Works ad advertised, great product when used as directed.  
Very nice light pattern.
Well I am glad these guys don't sell shoes, because you would only get one shoe, which would work about as good as one wheel chock.
This is a very good conditioner.  
These saved me from pulling the head and having to give it to a machine shop$$$$$$$$$$$$$.Very easy to use and worked out great.
Glad I bought it.
It's a good (Prestone) brand so you should feel confident of its quality.
Got this OEM fuel filter for my 2002 F150 for a good price and since I recently joined Amazon Prime, shipping was not an added cost.  
It's like a basic Muffler no sound at all and no get up and go either Plain Jane Muffler
Standard quality
work good and look good
When I received these wiper blades they were deformed and would not conform to the fit of the windshield.
I prefer the sharper light pattern of the 003427011, but it's not DOT.
This is a high quality tool that is really good value.  
This will take care of several recharges.
The shipping speed was excellent, also.
I used to fit my 70's cars with Cibie's like these, it's like going from no light to light.  
I diluted one bottle with 10% Aquawax and use it for a morning dew wipe off, since too much pure Aquawax use is not recommended.
I drive and love a 2010 Jeep Commander, so that is why I rocked this impulse buy last pay day.
Awesome floor mats!
Very safe, great to bleed the air out of, provides a solid pedal.  
Its like magic!
Used this to run a discrete but tasteful line down the side of the car, very happy!  
Auto parts stores (Checker, Autozone, etc) have scanners like this and will usually check your car for you for free.  
Have always purchased Meguiar's products and have been most happy with the products.
I love these gun racks.  
Looks very nice and deflect the air in my Toyota Camry Solara!
you will need more than a bottle.
Great product and priceI only Use this brand for my landscaping maintenance business 2stroke equipment
Works!
Nice rig
Was easy to install.
My end review would be:GREAT if you're detailing a vehicle to sellNOT SO GREAT if you plan to keep the car
All I can say it's a great product but the time you put into it is the quality you get out of it.  
As others have said, a larger tip size would probably work better for the projects I'll use it for.
But use good micro fiber towels
I used mine to fix the threads on the skid plate mounting bolts on my 2003 4Runner.
Does a great job cleaning grime that collects on KN filters for my truck and twin intakes on G37s.
Won't hold any thing.
Like many others, the bucket arrived with a broken handle.  
Best stuff for removing old weather strip adhesive.  
I am still debating whether I should make the effort to install a laced cover, which would be preferable.
Arrived w/a few minor scratches, installed easily, no problems.
ON A PLUS SIDE its big enough for anything i wan to fit in it - like a gallon of milk.
You can also rent tools like this at the auto parts store as well.
I am not sure if I got a bad item or not
I like the way it makes me sit up a little higher in my seat, and my back is finally no longer sweating and burning up in this Florida heat, no matter how cool the car is!  
Cool product
Sand down with med grit sand paper, then fine grit.
I have become a solid fan of Meguiar's products and use them on the RV and boat, as well as automotive products.  
Professional quality.
Still, it's cheap enough that I guess it was worth a try.
Thank you for another great buy.
This is a very good tool to have when you need to remove those stubborn plastic buttons on your car, very handy.
I get the best results when applying in the shade on a mild/warm day.
I bought two of these, one low, and one high, to replace my single OEM horn.  
They are brighter but not over bright.
Decent price for mechanical oil pressure, nice clean look to gauge, comes with everything you need to connect to your engine to monitor oil pressure.
Fitting didn't leak but plug did.  
Definitely worth giving this a shot before you try something more expensive
I only needed the handle to replace the broken one on a Ryobi power head.
The rest is like a dull gray spice now, and these doors stand out, but it's a muddy Jeep.
Good looks very thin and cheap material rattles from being bent at the brackets by cars simply tapping it while parking would spend some extra money n get a better one
Everything was great except that the wind from the custom windshield came around me and hit my wife directly in her eyes.  
I had never used a cartridge loaded grease gun before, but it works well and is easy to use.
This is the key to a beautiful, mirror finish on a car - both new and old.
The mats are sort of thin, and don't fit perfect in my ram 2500.
Thank you!!!This thing does its job.
Works as designed
I mounted these on my "93 Honda CBR1000F to replace the stock (feeble) horn.  
AC working good, run it once a month, or in the winter use your defrost, which uses your AC to help defrost your Windows, its when your AC is not being used, thats when seals and gaskets dry up, shrink and leaks your R134 out.
Necessary cleaning kit for anybody with a lifetime K&N filter.
Excellent and Made in USA!
Easy to use and Durable.
It lives up to the name, darn near instant shudder fix, I absolutely love the stuff.
The radiator cap that came with it is too large for Honda and does not fit BMW.  
The metal of the tool seems okay.
nice because it has a 90 degree and a straight boot, it fits everything i need it for great durable construction too
but there's a decent sized collar between the clamping point and the retaining plate.)
I got these from Amazon Warehouse Deals at a really good price.  
The build quality looks good and there are no issues that I can see.
Works great the cleaner really cleans it well.  
I was running a cbr1000rr with hotbodies undertail kit, passenger seat got hot to the touch in traffic, used this to reflect the heat away in the undertail, worked 100% great, nice sticky backing won't fall off
LOL!  
Great tool for evacuate fluids in all drive units that do not have a drain plug, rear diffs, transaxles, etc.
Grandpa's were AT LEAST 15 years old and were still in pretty good shape.
Here's my review...
Ever want to feel like a big-time auto mechanic or tire installer?  
This is one great piece of hardware.
This is great for motorcycle fairings.
Best product for eliminating rust.  
For this type of tire gauge it's actually very accurate.
I plugged it into the existing factory wiring harness attachdc the ground wire to the frame and it worked perfectly.
I would not kid about the weather.
It is a fine machine in itself and pulls anything I want.  
I had issues with my shield but the customer service was amazing!
Fine cable
Don't normally believe in canned miracles but this stuff is close.  
Good quality, nice look, I'm expecting it to last.
Best filter you can get for your Town car or Crown vic
Fits the spare tire lug nut on my 2016 Keystone Hideout travel trailer perfectly - highly recommend this for your spare tire
Likely overrated with its current formula, and just riding out its older fame..
The rest is going in the Infiniti next spring.
These are great for surface mount and other small items.  
Nice and strong
Just used this kit this weekend to clean the K&N filter in my 2012 F-150.
exactly what i needed and made the job easy.
very small for a tight place
The cups provided are not big enough to go around the bottom of the ball joint (on the "receiving side") of the push out.  
Couldn't find these grips in local stores so very glad Amazon has them.
I have read good reviews but it will take years before I know how well it works.
Glad I got it.
Cleaned the car like never before.  
Still wish these would come with a CD that had some sort of program to load on a computer and help better identify items.
Buy these on a regular basis for my emergency lighting systems.
IT DOSE A GREAT JOB OF PACKING THE BEARING.
Overall I was pleased with the outcome.
For such a simple device it eliminates one of the most aggravating problems there is with trailer hitch accessories..noise and movement,The Hitch Tightner eliminates both issues.
Good deal.
Great, fits perfect, fast shipping
After reading a lot of reviews this Mequiar's fiberglass restore shine kit is doing a great job.
I used them during a brake job on a avalanche and it stopped the hoses on that monster from leaking so It reinstated my confidence in them pretty well.
work pretty good , gonna need this tool for tightening a rubber boot clip ( sold separately ) .
Car didn't fall on me so 5 stars!
They fell apart  junk
I really like this oil can.
Sheds a lot of lint the first few uses but works good afterwards
Great item but oil is oil, what's set this apart is the super fast shipping that I got very happy here
works well at refurbishing my K and N filters, removes the old oil and easy to apply new oil
Not fancy, just does the job.
This is an excellent safety product.  
Good sale
This product worked well on my 2004 Mini Cooper S sport seats.
Better value than the kits, Only makes sense value wise, good for all my vehicles.
Good amp rating for the product.
I got these for my new-to-me 2003 Chevrolet Avalanche.  
The quality is top notch.
Much needed pan for servicing your transmission
This is the best no doubt about out it.
works fine just have to remember to tighten after 1st 5 miles from house.
This was easy to install and works great.
installed on 2012 toyota tacoma just perfect not to loud saves gas also nice sound  priced affordable would highly recommend
Have held up wonderfully - have two sets.
Have to put an ingredient in my gas tank in my car and length is exactly what I needed.
It needs a Bigsert kit.
I bought this tool for my daughter,  she wants to be a mechanic, and has her state inspection license and will be needing this tool.
FIT GREAT and look great
If you don't have the ability to sharpen then I suggest buying a better quality blade.
Also used to clean up pulled bullets.
And the price of how much we got it was very affordable!
Nothing special here.  
Like other reviewers, I have discovered that this thing does not stand still.
I would highly recommend this wiring harness to make your radio installation much faster.
Works great.  
Works like a charm.
Beautiful lights, good pricing as well!
These mirrors are OK.  
I highly recommend it and easy to put on and to take off.
FOUND THIS VERY GOODFOR TESTING SPARK ON OLDER BRITISH M/C's .
It all works like a charm.
I'd get another without hesitation if needed.
Thanks for another great buy Amazon.
They were easy to install.
great price for a great product.
Great for dusting!
Great purchase.
OTC makes decent tools that don't cost an outrageous amount.
Other than those two reservations, this is a perfect affordable tire depth gauge.
I'm not sure if that's good or bad, but FYI, they're larger than late-model stock horns in case you're looking for exact fitment.
Need a good wrench to tighten and loosen, size about 18mm or so from what I recall.
Pleasantly surprised , nice strut tool set.
This filter appears to be better than the Delta filters but I have no way to measure this.  
no windshield wiper is going to hold up well in extreme heat.
Excellent buy.
More for weekend mechanics, would not get for everyday use.
Easy attachment for a 2x8.
Would have been better with a quick disconnect option on the leads
This cover works great and my experience with these is that during the hotest month(s) of the summer I put a sacrificial tarp over the top to extend the life of it beyond the warranty period.
Probably would have rented it if I had known at the time I could do that...
Used to add relay to 2001 Jeep Cherokee Sport that turns on electric radiator fan when car is running to eliminate heat soak problem.  
Better investment than other inverters on the market.
I used a cordless drill with attachment and this polish and my headlights are now crystal clear.
I used to use Lexol on my baseball glove when I was a kid.
(Bondo)  I used it and it went on very good.
Improve the sound from the floor to the sky.
Loctite 38653 222 Purple Low Strength Loctite 38653 222
easy to install and works like a champ
does what it says it will do
See their still advertising the same picture with dust seal, I brought one figure it came with dust seal no way false advertising.
I've had this inflator gauge for over a week now and love it as you can instantly see what the pressure is on the tire without having to continually check pressure with a separate hand gauge.
I don't know if I got old stock or what, but this is exactly what I wanted.  
Easy to install using existing holes in the frame of your vehicle.  
Big and bulky, not good for tight areas and I would say get a name brand one.works good for the easy to reach plastic fasteners,
Looks good and was able to mount my KC lights on the bar.
Nice little tool.
Fit my wife's 2012 HONDA ACCORD just fine.
No big deal, still a good buy!
Tested on my floor boards this blocks about 15-20 degrees of heat.
Looks nice, effective at reducing windshield 'impacts'.
This is a great size for the kn cleaner works like a charm every time and I have no complaints
Safety-Keeps honest people honest.
Purchased the wiring kit when I installed a receiver on my Jeep Wrangler.  
Yes, it fits Jeep Cherokee 2001 XJ.  
It is slick.
Heavy gauge wire and great rubber case to protect fuse.
This is a must have if you are doing brake jobs yourself.
They fit ok.  Seems like they were based off of a TJ seat that was brand new.  
I cant tell the difference between the two.
made a scary job easy !
For best results, I recommend that you clay clean the car with a good car clay and wax it with S100 car wax every few months.
This product does a good job, I will be using it from now on.
The product was fine,It was for the WRONG car.....
I would buy another one for sure.
not so easy to install, however, once it get done it looks perfect, nice grip and professional look really keeps the car looking stock..
Nice part to add when you are adding a secondary electrical fan to mitigate circuit damage.
Good warn product.
After one use it leaked air from the clamp.
I've had this on my boat for about 5 years, and it's far better than any other fan I've tried.  
Easy replacement for RV water heater.  
I put this on my 2000 Ford excursion it came with four bolts that go into holes in the hood that are factory holes  I thought it made it look very nice
This unit would be great for a car.  
Great product.
Durable and dependable and the convenience of the storage bag and adapters make it that much better as I often travel to work on vehicles.
Great for tool protection
This came with all the wiring needed and the button for mounting to the windshield if your car doesn't have the standard mount like mine didn't.  
Made my job of repacking my front wheel bearings and changing grease formulations easy.
Looks great on my gray F150.
this was a little difficult to use as it would open the gap as I tried to remove it.
Excellent product,just don't expect 500 or 1000 watt performance from a 55 watt light..  :)
I feel it was worth the investment.
buying a premium filter you need to spend the extra cash for the product to maintain it.
I got these to put on my car just to create a conversation at the shooting range.  
Increased my mpg by 3-4 extra miles per gallon.
If you are adding or replacing speakers - ESPECIALLY bass/mid speakers, add these to the mounting surface to lower the vibration propagation.
Not a pro tool as it's made out of an engineering grade of plastic but did all 8 bearings on our camper and will be used again for other vehicles
Unit installed easy.
Nice addition to our boat.
This was a beautiful mirror but the wrong one for our jet ski.  
Better pickup.
Nice tool.
Good white color with no hint of blue.
Changed my dull fifth wheel finish to showroom condition.  
Very happy with these, especially for the low price!
quick and fast bondo
Great.
I was able to buy four 3 ton jack stands for less than a hundred dollars.  
Great customer service from vendor.
They're also not super well made (not surprising for the price), but did not break under decently heavy strain.
Saves a ton of splicing.
save your money this is a total waste.
I'm fixing up my 2002 Dodge Ram 1500 and these look fantastic on it!!!
This is a great tool for the automotive enthusiast or event the professional.
it works as intended....  
Dries very hard.
I got this because I didn't like the looks of regular adapters.  
Cleaned my aftermarket intake pretty well, doesn't take too much time just let it sit for 5mins and rinse with soapy water.
and I like the size.
It is an old design, but a good design.  
There's a great YouTube video for the 2006 Acura TL out there.
I opted for these since most of my riding is highway.
This thing is pretty handy.  
They cannot be adjusted.  
but I guess it will come in handy when needed.
It is like putting water on the product and then wiping it off with no noticable change whatsoever.
Haynes manuals are always pretty good.  
I recommend this to anyone needing to fill bike tires or sports balls.
* Don't hesitate to spend the bucks on this stuff...you WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!
But it comes off easily.  
Very bright, almost twice as bright over my old ones.
great way to complete my project.
Makes drying cars off so easy.
It's ok for my old hunting jeep but if you have a really nice one, you will want a better fit
It was a good fit on the hitch though.
Lol...!!!!
Best results are obtained by reading the instructions carefully and following them: i.e., use a polishing bonnet and rub the solution vigorously into the surface.  
It fits perfectly howerver I thought it was made of metal, that is my objection, however its fine and the price is according
Did not live up to the rave "like new results" of many reviewers.
Fit good on my 1998 Toyota 4Runner but keep your old clips because the clips that are sent within aren't very good
Would like more color choices but this is ok for my application.  
It took a lot of oxidation off the paint and after applying Meguires cleaner wax the paints shine returned ten fold.  
Flat steel like a toolbox works well.
My only issue with it is that it doesn't come in a larger bottle.
Love these!
Works just fine.
I've used this one time and it did an excellent job.
Nice mats.
easy to install - fits perfectly
Used car came with a K&N air filter, which I would never buy personally, but the OEM replacement and FRAM filters were in the price point of this recharger kit.  
It does not have a gloss like other RV caulks.  
This is a great alternative to a rock, or wood block that I was using before.
Looks great on my truck.
A good service facility should check your tires when your auto is serviced.
I use these on my 700x23c road tubes at 130 psi, so they definitely hold up fine.
The best pencil style tire gauges out there.
Looks great once install.
I wish the coverage over the rear seat was better.
This is not the first time I've used Sea Foam.
A great product at a great price.
Perfect fit, easy open package.
This kit works great with low power trailer LEDs.  
this is a must if you are claying your car
Nipple locks on well, one hand pump easy to operate and help square up nipple on fitting, seems to have plenty of pressure.
K&N is always the best!
nice stands for safety or holding up cars while you fix them,sturdy and not cheap,good for supporting tr5alors in winter
Probably better for other uses.
Prompt shipping, good value, just as described.
Not a very good product for Jeep Gran Cherokee.
I love these filters!
I put a cloth in between and it kind of stays put til I get home.
It's easy to use and even polishes jewelry.
I've been using this product for years to keep carb jets and injectors clean and performing well.  
That's how useful and awesome this product is.  
This product made NO appreciable difference to the road noise in my car.
Worked as expected.
Absolutely ideal for removing the plastic rivet fasteners.
Very nice mirror.
and quick to dry!
I purchased to use in my Hummer H2.
These are high quality with wires that are thick and sturdyI'm very happy with the purchase.
I do think the shield material is pretty good, just don't count on the adhesive to stick.
My wife likes it so much I had to buy another
nice tone, decent volume.  
I followed other recommendations and removed the bulb guard.  
Damn Good Buffer/Polisher!!!  
works well, does it's job
I love these pads!  
I found it was broken on the highway when one side started flapping, then broke off and flew at the cars behind me.
Its is easy to use but wish there was a way to print the info out or to store the data in the scanner.
The ladies in the novel are simply the most  beautiful available or imaginable; and perfect ladies.  
The Magician's Nephew is more than a children's book.  
This is at the top of my list as a favorite for every child to have on their bookshelf.  
Enjoyable yarn albeit somewhat predictable ending.
The best part of the book is the author's style of writing.
The books look great.
A great story that was hard to put down.
The diction and tone of the play is wonderful.
Quite nice.
Otherwise, they are great fun and especially good for long car rides.
It was like Ms. Christie was writing another Orient Express, only with a different resolution to the readers off track.
PASSENGER devolves, like VERDICT, into the story of a refugee woman called Lisa, escaped from Hitler's terror, who becomes the assistant to a great scientist based in the British Isles, and who falls in love with him even though he is fairly distant to her.  
We see little or no Snow, Imp or many of the other characters we have learned to love.  
I can easy store this book in my camelback backpack when I go mountain bike riding!
Book 2 was good
The price was good, delivered fast.
Beautiful poetry.  
Would be five stars but getting real tired of all the great characters getting killed.
I learned a very important lesson here; take a good peak at the book before you get it.
The game of thrones series is fantastic!  
What a great series.  
i thought that the movie was better but the book was ok i would not read it agan
I first read this book eight years ago on summer vacation at the lake with my family and my BFF.
In this case "truth" lies beyond a wardrobe in the magical land of Narnia.
Throughout there was a romantic interest which I also liked.  
But I found this to be another of Crichton's very enjoyable, fast-paced thrillers!
And Beth could have been a more responsible mom.
Guess I picked the wrong book, b/c of quota time at work.  
The words in this book are raw and ring true.
The first volume was great.
A very good book.
This book, however, was a very enjoyable read, even now.  
Great book and lots of fun but absolutely no Indian or Southwest anthropology or cultural flavor.
The author clearly has too much on his plate with the TV series etc and can not keep up with his reader's expectations.
Even if you shied away from Archer for the previously stated reasons, try this book.  
A real "Can't put it down" must read.
This is what I really like about this series by McCullough.
This cartoon adaptation of the Cold War is always humorous.
But the police commissioner and the chief of detectives both want the best they have on another case, a series of high-profile murders that appears scarily random.
Like "King Lear," we have a king who's rages and  miscaculated judgement lead to disastorous consequences.
The English translation is excellent
They loved it
I read in amazement, knowing of Hemingway 's fame I  still felt surprise at his writing ability.
if you like Flashman, but would like to read a non-fiction work by the writer - recommend this book.
A classic the kids continue to love.  
Wonderful idea!  
Not one of my favorite Clancy books.
It's unlikely I'd read a second time.
AFFC has been derided by some for being the weakest of the series.
The author of the The Thorn Birds writes a compelling version of one of the greatest love story's of all time with this sequel to The October Horse.
Well, I don't go to a fancy school or anything, but I think they hit it right on the nail asking us to get this one.
The intriguing family history told by Allende is absolutely brilliant.
This author is amazing.
I didn't realize when I bought this that it's abridged for the board book.
After finishing this fifth book, it's been a let-down trying to find another read even half as good.
It is like packing to go on a road trip, but spending the entire trip going around in circles in a parking lot.  
Great book in good condition for the age.
The Second Series, not so much (though some were very good -- All's
Collins makes great pocket dictionaries.  
as expected
Every time the English-as-a-second-language textbook gives a lesson on adjectives, I use this book as a supplement.  
Never was nor ever will be (not in my lifetime) a better Thesaurus.
It has the feeling of a good film screenplay rather than a novel, but to be fair Crichton is a good writer.  
The writing slips fluidly between past and present.
5-Star reviews.)
I have had to dab my eyes more than once.  
It's a delightful little thing full of song and love roundabouts.
Putting it away for a few years.
Bought this book for my sister and she loved it!!
A great tale of the Riftwars.
Like all the others (books), Lewis shows good depth of understanding concerning Jesus and the Father.
The characters are raw and the plot epic.
Taylor Caldwell's writing is exquisite.
Murder mysteries have always fascinated me and this one is truly a masterpiece.
I give this tale high marks and would recommend it to anyone from ten to a hundred and ten!
Though this book is not a literary milestone, it is amusing & refreshing.  
I always loved Dr. Seuss as a child.  
Just sucked me in!
If you love stories of mountains, seas, bears, and Alaska, this book is a great choice.
i really luv shakespeare and othello is my favorite shakespearean piece.  
Otherwise I still recommend it as it can be of great use in wilderness survival.
And I sorely miss Tyrian in this story.
I was hooked on this series after book 1 and was somewhat discouraged when some of the reviews for this one came out on the negative side.
This is a five star book.
How romantic!
Self examination, trying to make heads or tails of their decisions, on how or why they behave for good or ill towards each other.
There are some that I would like to still have in the picture
As for the book itself - it's good.  
Dr. Suess is her favorite and the paperbacks are easier to handle.
I could not call this book as self sufficient or easy to read one compared to books by Alberts or Baltimore.
Absolutely epic - my favorite of the first 5 ASOIAF book series, hands down.  
I recommend obtaining all of the series and read them in order, starting with the "Blessing Way".
use this for split screen study as I take the WBS program, very nice.
One can almost smell the gunpowder and feel the thud of the field artillery in this carefully woven story of triumph over the odds.
I love these books!
Who wouldnt love Dickon with the orphaned lamb, young fox, tame squirrels, and ability to charm most animals?
(you're a Hollywood guy now...
I think people should read Macbeth, but I don't think it's his best work.
Recommended it to others who like suspense, mystery, and Jack Ryan as the maincharacter.
It's definitely one of my favorite books.
This was the perfect prescription for the murder-mystery doldrums.  
There were too many negative themes that overwhelmed the story.  
Never a full moment.
I'm all kinds of excited for the 3rd nook in Fitz & fool series in may
This is a must read.
Go!.
In many ways this is my favorite of the series.  
i love my kindle bible it's perfect and i don't have to carry my actual bible :) every where !
Pretty much says it all.
Great book with a science fantasy look that makes your spinetingle when you read it, and don't know what's going to happen next.
The book does have great information, I just was hoping for some updates?!!!
This was one of the best books that I have ever read.  
clarence larkin does a great job explaining daniel and how it relates to the bible and to the future.
One of the best books ever written!
It does not hold a candle to Eugene Sledge's, With the Old Breed.  
I have always liked Dr. Seuss' books and movies while growing up.  
And the tragedy of the love which is obviously doomed - so sad.
The final compilation is not Hillerman's best, but it is still a whole lot better than a whole lot else out there.  
Thank you for writing this book.  
These books are an ABSOLUTE MUST.
It is the only play by Shakespeare that I understood in  high school, and most of my 10th-grade students seem to understand it.  
this book is visually beautiful / but the size of the book will make it hard to cook with even with a cookbook stand.
Another page turner in the never ending highly addictive 'Thrones' saga!
Great book, slammed with a ton of information.
I kept thinking that the whole thing read like an old DC comic book.  
Good book to give young boys they would love this book.
A masterful memoir of a private soldier in the Burma campaign in World War II, written by the author of the Flashman series.  
In this we're all the same, and class distinction means nothing in the end.
The story of a Microsoft programmer on the Microsoft campus is great stuff and really funny too.
I read this book when I was a little girl and I love it as much now as I did then.
Good news first. " specified Royce.  
In general, the Eyrie is a boring place to be in the novel.  
This one is a fight just to make it through it so i can get to Book 5.
Martin is an amazing writer, and this book expands the narrative even further.
This novel deserves a read!
The interaction between these two characters are some of my favorite moments of the book (probably because they are my two favorite characters).
A demolitions expert, Jordan's task is to blow a key bridge as part of a larger Republican attack.  
My favorite thing about it is that I can bring it up every time my children don't want to try a new food.
I thought it was delightful.  
It is different from the old movies.  
This book brought back memories of my childhood which I can now pass down to my grandchildren.
I love the Chronicles of Narnia and just wanted a boxed set for out new book shelves.
Enjoyed the British vocabularyMiss Marple is a. Enjoyable characterI liked the plot
The book is very well-organized.  
Wraps everything up well and yet positions you to look and move forward into the next of the series.
Ugh.
Tis seems a fundamental point Martin missed out on.  
I read this book ages ago and I loved it.
This is, without a doubt, a masterpiece of fiction!
Worst of all, I found the character of Luke extremely irritating.  
Beware - this book is exactly the same book as "The Devil of Nanking" by the same author.  
But it would be best to have a hard copy with the audio CDs.  
It was a riveting book.
Cersei... nothing to love, there.
The fine historical detail teaches as the story progresses and one comes away with a better understanding of this turbulent period of history.
Dr. JBW, USA
The result is clear: reviews have been extremits, it's either "love it" or "hate it!"  
It could use more search options, but over all, it's a good program.
Wrong.
I consider this to be one of the best books I have ever read.
I, for one, would fear to live in Rousseau's ideal world, where every right I have is only mine so long as the majority (who never can be wrong) wills it.
Will I buy Volume 6?  
This has always been my favorite Narnia book.
This is a very fun read .  
Wonderful storyline and very entertaining.
My highest recommendations.
This is a great collection of hymns.  
As I said, Simply Hemingway!
The sea battles in the story seemed pretty graphic and the injuries real.  
Never met a Cornwell novel I didn't like.
Just as the first three books each continue with the same characters at different times and well written.  
I liked that there is room for little notes in the margins and top/bottom of the pages.  
Poems have never been easy for me to "get", but I can actually follow the train of thought and meaning here.
This is my favorite so far, but each one gets better than the last.
Not as tight a story as the first books.
The book had all elements that every memorable and good book should have.
I was so excited when I found this book on kindle
But a satisfactory ending made it worth the read.
George R.R. Martin's writing is even better.
In my humble opinion, you will more than enjoy it.
5 stars, P.D. Eastman is a Jedi Master of early readers, enough said.
It's a remarkable feat of engineering on any scale, but that's not what I find most intriguing.  
It has been a honor to read this book.
The thing about CSL's writing is - it's funny!
Reading this powerful book by a great writer.
Fun and Fantastical Mr. Oppel provides an elegant adventure that brings out the imaginative adventurer in me!
Havey Penick is a legend in the golfing world, and sharing his experiences and feelings are a benefit to any and every golfer.
Just wish they were a bit faster in being written and released.
Normally by no 3 in the series the books are getting old and repetitive, but not this one.
With every other book in this series I raced through to the end.
This is a book to be read and implemented in life.
There is something immensely satisfying, comfortable, and compelling about a Tony Hillerman mystery.  
This should have been a very incredible trilogy, but has turned into a never ending dribble which has taken way too long to finish.  
I really think the next book  is going to be epicSee my full review here:
Great characters and plot.  
Great book, but.....
Advice on how to act and live and believe.
Too many questions that we would have like answered.
Not a masterpiece, but a good, long read.
A good quality bible, and a great price point.
Five stars because it was what my daughters both had to order for their senior years in high school in order to annotate them, this version gives both the original as well as a modern interpretation which is very helpful
Always in backpack.
Patterson's "Along Came A Spider" was much better.
Highly recommend.
What would the last 700 or so years have looked like if the Black Death virtually wiped out Europe, instead of "merely" annihilating 30-60% of her population?
A new printing would be a welcome as the "used" ones in good condition are quite expensive.
If a boring book that you can skip every second line interests you, buy it, otherwise give it a BIG miss.
Hemingway has written a masterpiece, weaving together the human with the politics of the war in a tapestry richly layered.  
It is a great book..I am even sure how many times i read it.
I am now 26 years old, and have a fairly decent library.
Great seller book was in great condition,  and here in a very timely  fashion. ..
It's still the fiesty, independent Jo I admired, so I enjoyed reading this version.
After all, the author is one of the greatest writers in the world.  
Intersting.
I really like the Narnia series, but I have to say, this book is not my favorite.  
This is a charming, beautifully written portrait of a brilliant little boy and his amusingly eccentric family on the obviously magical island of Corfu.  
Richard Sharpe is a wonderful character, and as always he is well written.
Grand daughter will love it when she gets a little older.
I liked Goddard's "Found Wanting" very much, written c. 2008, so perhaps "Hand in Glove" c. 1992 is just an early and less accomplished effort and I simply expected more by reading chronologically out of order.
This Bible is helpful in seeing the way the old text was written No "J" only "I", the Apocrypha included gives more understanding to the Torah and writings of the early disciples.
yes, just what we needed!
George Martin always does a great job.
Robinson does a good job of making these people believable and interesting, and the tales he tells find them in a myriad of roles, places and situations.  
Always a wonderful read for those who find Kahlil Gibran' interesting.  
I am reluctant to criticize this book as it simply looks truly beautiful, but I prefer Shakespeare's plays complete.
Mastetful, beautiful and terrifyingly suspenseful.
This is my favorite book from childhood.
Go on, I double dog dare you!
Love history but this was over-detailed in places.
It's absolutely fantastic.
Would give ALL of Clancy's books: Jack Ryan Sr. & Jr.;also  Without Remorse & Red Storm Rising 5 STARS.
She liked it.
but I love this play so much!
You'll love this series!
Like other reviewers, I think his vision of an army of rapidly evolving nano-robots is unique and rather frightening if it came to pass.  
Amazing story telling ability about one of the most interesting and tragic times in our country's history.
Okay storytelling but gimmicky use of language.
All told, a smashing biography of Prince William's great-great-great-great-great-grandmama.
Like "Jurassic Park," "Prey" is really a variation on the teen slasher film.
What a great idea.
Likable characters and a gentle story, but rather slow moving and long winded.  
Nice, normal guys, I don't think, go around murdering people in cold blood as a profession.
So many books, and each one unforgettable.
I just could not get in to this and had it because it has certain items I needed to know.
And it's still among the top 10 books my children like to hear/read.
I now totally encourage any one that want's to excel in poetry to read the greats.  
It's easy to understand and has a lot of valuable information
I. have given this story five stars.
I enjoyed every minute of this book and was almost sorry to see it end.  
Some characters seriously unravel in this one and it makes for great reading and then the book tides you over until their next chapter.
Mathematics Majors might enjoy this book for its ridiculous abstract approach, yet Physicists should avoid this text whenever possible.  
Good read, not too heavy.
Book shipped brand new and my 5 year old loves the addition to her library!
Love his work!
HE LOVED IT!!!  
With good descriptions, emotional impact and characterization, the book is very entertaining.  
One of my favorite books ever!  
I will keep it in my car for a quick reference but not use it for much more.
Enjoyable, but a little far fetched for its time.  
no one tells a tale like this as well as Hemingway.
Leather bonded bible with a lot of extra notes in it for a student of God's word.
Dr. Cross agrees with the family to go and head the investigation.
fully captivating.
Also me kills off key characters.
This book was vivid in its descriptions of life on the sea in the days of the Vikings.  
Hang in there, and it will get better.  
A great little book about a man who inherits a house in Spain from his artist grandfather.  
I just could not put the book down for more than 30 min at a time.
Naturally a wonderful set, worth the read and money.
This book DOES NOT MOVE much at all.
This is a good story, Clancy-style, and well written.
The author seemed to ramble on, in my opinion.
The first three books in this series were excellent.  
Always a winner.  
Other then that, it was a delight to read again, a charming story with great characters, a must read for all ages.
Hate and dumb.
The rest of the story lines just aren't as interesting to me.
Its great book.
This was an amazing read.  
One of the best books of the serries so far.
God is honored and good morals taught.
'Without Remorse" is what I like best about Clancy's stories.
The title of this novel is a bit misleading.  
Get all the books.
Has a map and scorecard ready, this one takes a lot of thought to follow.
I'm so very glad I read it.
I love the book .
Loved the whole series, but a little disappointed in the last book, not sure what I was looking for as an end.
I'm not the biggest fan of the play - this was a good version of it if you have to read the play, I guess.
One of my favorite Christie books.  
Some questions answered.
I LOVED these books!!
It definitely keeps you interested the whole time.
Well written.  
Idiot - see how angry it gets me - it must be excellent
From the very first time I read Little Women (at about age 9) it immediately and firmly established itself as one of my ultimate-favorite-forever books.  
An easy read but one you should take notes on as you read.  
Adolescent and adult readers alike enjoy these books.  
but it was missing the beginning of the story.
Mother freakin awesome.
, I was sorry that I had to pay for this book it was just a big disappointment to the Harte saga.
Her sense of humor is at its best here, and the depiction of a close-knit family and how newcomers are welcomed into the fold - or not - is entertaining.
The heartbreak of Fitz's unacknowledged children and his destiny as the Changer make the tale of his duty to the Farseer throne fascinating.
As in "almost".  
As  always,  another book full of twists and turns.  
I think it is the best Clancy book written.
I thought the focus on a smaller group of characters in this book was fine.  
And as usual, does not do the book or characters justice.
Carol Jordan are matched up to investigate these crimes.  
It arrived in just a few days and I was able to complete using this tape with my class.
Don't ask how he comes up with his ideas but he's a damn good writer.
What can one add about Quiller that isn't said in the rest of the reviews?
English is an abstract language Hebrew is a concrete language you need to find out what it meant when it was written
The description of Bertram's Hotel is magnificent.
What an awful guy for wanting to stay true to his wife!
A good entertaining & mysterious novel.
Wow, that's a pretty even spread of reviews, isn't it?  
Highly recommend!
SCARY!
I have been a teacher for 30 + years and will always love this book!
It's a great book!You do not have to know about Clancy's previous books to enjoy this one; that alone makes it a good selection in some cases.
Not as engaging as the previous 3 books in the series.  
Not really impressed like I am with many of the other books he writes.
This book is highly recommended!!
Thank you.
Looks like I am one of a few .. or at the very least.. part of the quiet fans out there.
Totally addicted to this series back in the 70's watching it on Masterpiece Theatre Sunday nights with my mom and sisters.
I love the Game of Thrones series.  
Beautiful sonorous language.  
Sara is a likeable character but she just comes off as being too good.
Great book if you love mysteries!!
I read Dracula back in 2002, from the library- I couldn't put the book down..
I liked it by the end, but it took me a long time to get into the swing of it, with the characters always dying and being reborn, and having to get into a different setting and time period every time.  
I think that these should be mandatory reading in schools since it is real literature (as opposed to what is offered by schools now), and also accessible to children.
This book is especially wonderful to read out loud to young children and old poops with a good heart.
As children's literature, they work pretty well.  
Well, what can I say?
Earlier bad reviews did not hold me back from reading and I am glad I did not listen.
Excellent source book to review and keep your skills up.
I grew up with The Sneetches, Green Eggs and Ham, and Yertle the Turtle, but only discovered this one as an adult.  
Good book, not as good as the others, but good, none the less.
I love these books!
Read this with my dad, a WWII vet - we both learned a lot and enjoyed the characters woven into history,
In the end, I was disappointed.
The book ends on a bad note to me though.
I read this play in a theater appreciation class and would stay after class to continue discussing it with my professor.
I love Caldwell's book and am still ready it after having read it once before when I was young.  
I"m glad I did!  
Wonderful characterizations.  
Other characters only talk and think a lot.
This is one of my favorite Clancy novels.  
Very easy to search and use in class.
Martin continues his series but leaves us hanging, but he does apologize at the end.
Most books involve a small group of young children from our world traveling to Narnia and back.  
I like Patrick O'Brian more each year.
another OUSTANDING book, I will hate it when I am done with the Jack Ryan series.
So for your great experience, pls.
Love the book.
I personally love Isabel Allende's Style.
I wanted to enjoy it, but I just couldn't get involved in the story line.
5-stars, plus.
A detective and the town sheriff investigate.
This book is really much better as a reference than as a learning tool.
With apologies to the Fab Four, this story fits this title.  
It is great for the young and young at heart.
I read his book prior to the movie coming out,  so when so much of his story was left out, I was bummed-but understood it would have turned into a multiple hour ordeal.  
"".`*.*HIGHLY RECOMMEND*.*'.""
Cool story thought, but when executed, its garbage.
James Patterson developed a plot formula for the Alex Cross series and follows it to a "T".
Book as advertised.  
Again, my little boy liked all the silly images and colors, even if he didn't believe me that the bear was supposed to be a bear.
C.S. Lewis is brilliant and as an atheist who became a Christian, he has written an incredible novel, that shows the heart of Jesus Christ (Aslan) for his creatures.
But Clancy is not an economist, and the book really drags when he spends pages at a stretch arguing in favor of a flat income tax and a reduced capital gains tax.  
This novel is slow to start.  
This will be a fun story to follow in the coming years.
Better for transition into movie scripts..
In the play, the prophesies of the witches come true and bring about Macbeth's downfall and eventual death.
Late to the Sharpe series so starting at the beginning.
Overall a disappointing book.
Enjoyed the book.  
Great book set and a wonderful price!  
Great read and all fans of Mary Higgins Clark need to read this one for sure@
Sansa Stark: unfortunately a very boring character.
They were in good enough condition to give as a gift.
A very enjoyable read which is both simple and profound all at the same time.
Consider this a warning and not a rating.  
It was a gift and he was very happy, he loved having all books in one.
After all the action of the third book, the slower pacing of this book just makes it a duller read.
Best read alongside Writer at War.
A nice gift or coffee table book.
And manages to take us to some really intriguing destinations in the process!
My fourth Clancy so far and I found it to be the most intriguing of them all.  
Saw the movie first do I had to read the book.
A wonderful read.
A great reference tool.
Fraser has a superb facility with words:  his Flashman series (including The American, with Flashman in his still-lecherous dotage) is certainly one of the greatest set of historical military fiction.  
It's as if the author had long since lost interest and just wanted to end the book.
A great tale, a great film.
I love the series.
By the master of literature.  
BLUES and CLAUDETTE as well as the wall of sound weepers RUNNING SCARED and CRYING.
love this album!
There's gotta be room on your shelf for at least one CD of James Brown, and this is as good a compilation as any.
I think Peter made a fine album, but understand, it more resembles the Grease Soundtrack than Destroyer or Love Gun.  
Never a dull moment.
Anyway, front to back this is one of his best, and he shows us right away that he can rock, and drop a nice slow song as well.
But... I'm one person that is glad that I own this SACD.  
Variety is underscored with some intricate musicianship on the exquisite "Perfect Circle".
AND THIS IS NO DIFFRENT.
the songs are as jarring or as pleasant as the samples suggest according to your own taste on this product pageI only really like Mayor of Simpleton and then sort of like King for a Day but when you buy an entire album, you feel obligated to like all of it
IT's a great bargain for the price.
Don't be too quick to judge an album if a band cools down a little.
you'll want to go camping in the foggy woods.
Anyway, Zooropa is a good stuff to listen to, that is, if you are a fan of  Achtung Baby!.
A great album that captures christmas at its best...
It's a shame too.
Clapton.
The very best of Def Leppard.
The album is excellent especially with the live readings of "Lakeside Park", the "2112" medley (sans much of the "Discovery" section and all of "Oracle" were not performed),
probably my favorite kiss album.
Fear Factory is one of my all-time favorite bands.
great band, super songs.
ALIVE unquestionably remains one of the greatest concert albums EVER recorded.
They possibly comprise Bowie's strongest album side.
Great guitars, drums & vocals.
I really enjoyed this record, sounded beautiful , turned up nice and loud!
Fine conducting from Alberto Zedda and fresh period instrument playing from the Collegium Instrumentale Brugense.
I purchased this for one track, all the others are a bonus.
Get this score at all costs, as it is one of the best scores out there hands down.
I AM A HUGE FAN OF STEVIE WONDER!  
Being able to see the graphics & lyrics is pretty cool too.
And they made a pretty good fist of it.
Gaucho is an excellent album.
My favorite Bowie album ever.  
the best songs on this soundtrack are all of them.
For the absolute best rock concert light and sound experience, look no further than PULSE by Pink Floyd.
And the band  never sounded better.
The piano version of Skyline Pigeon is good, as is Screw
It's listenable.
My second favorite solo album from Paul McCartney, (the best was the first one with the bowl of cherries) very original and surely a classic!
You are fantastic at the craft.  
Its good.
Great loud distorted guitar throughout.
All the band members contribute excellent songs.
it's amazing!!!!!
This is the one that's been underrated, and probably always will be.  
Steve Hillage is a gifted musician with considerable compositional skills and a great singing voice.  
No one can play and create the sounds these three guys do and continue to do.
If, like me, you enjoy both, this is essential.
This is still my favorite offering by these German rockers.  
If you like real dance music, FYG is the best Paula Abdul CD I've heard.
and I am happy to say that it sounds great.
It's also an excellent example of music that I can put on and my wife won't complain.
What's not to like?  
I still love that record.
Remasterd & complete with remixes of most of the hits, this is kind of re-release a buyer like myself wants to see.
Bottom Line:  A must have as one of the best Unplugged albums ever made.
Almost every track features an orchestral accompaniment which is not necessarily a bad thing, but does tend to date the album a bit.  
Recorded at the end of the amazing Zoo TV show, 'Live in Sydney' shows U2 at their absolute best.  
The rest are very good.  
This album spawned a lot of hits but not all of them went to 1995's GREATEST HITS.
Oblique Bowie is usually Bowie at his best.  
Truly a classic vinyl for everyone's collection!
Great album, lots of memories.
Earth A.D. came out unlike any of the previous Misfits releases.  
Tool is a very unique bands with saying that this is a must buy for any fan of Rock......every song is written with precise musical mastery "you gotta love it" my personal favorites are "Hooker with a Penis" "Stinkfist" and "H" but hey theres probually millions of people that like those songs anyways don't be a wimp and go buy the newest Nelly cd be a MAN and go buy this instead trust me you will understand one of these days
This cd is arguably TOOL's best release up to date.
Maybe for someone whose standards have been dumbed down and don't care about listening to punk any longer this might be great.
In some ways, the album could stand as a "Greatest Hits" release on its own merits.  
James Levine is a hugely under-rated Mahlerian.
"First" is a fantastic debut album, and will remain a favorite amongst fans for many years to come.
It is clearly a masterwork for those who appreciate moderate-rock with social commentary.
Be prepared to waste nearly an hour of your life.
This album is among rock 'n' roll's finest.  
Rest in Peace MJ, something you were not allowed to do in this world.
Particularly like 1, 5, 8 and 10.
Dean Martin's voice is the best on the this album.
What a marvelous sound!  
Not only was it a decent live album, but it captured a recognizable slice of the "San Francisco Scene".  
What a finely crafted CD.
It's pure poetry: a depiction of enigmatic Heaven at its lushest, I must say.
Zooropa is trash.
Many styles were covered over the next couple of albums.
Great loss here but he jams with the gods now!!!
The Stones were a great band when they made this album.
Gundula Janowitz and Eberhard Waechter, as Elisabeth and Posa, respective, are clearly out of their fach in this opera, but they get the job done, particularly Janowitz.
Great music store!!
If you are a Sam Cooke fan, I recommend you get the Cd to add to your collection.
Enjoy!
My favorite Bowie album.
For You" is an excellent gift for any Barry White fan.
Boring.
This is only a seven-song EP and obviously can't compare to the epics Undertow and Aenima but the songs on here are extremely good songs and well worth the money.
The songs are nothing short of amazing.
Interesting in and of itself, but also a great glimpse at Bill's rapport with his fans.
I listened to this DVD at a friend's house a year ago.
In this 1985 album, Rush presents songs that reflect the concerns and issues of the time, such as greed on "The Big Money" and nuclear power on "The Manhattan Project."  
I couldn't imagine why you wouldn't welcome any change, my friend."
She's Loving Me is my favorite.
And "The Charm of the Highway Strip" has got to be one of his best efforts.  
This is an excellent album/CD.  
this is one of their better 80's releases, every song is a gem.
NOT REMASTERED.
Alan Silvestri has a tender side and this score really displays that wonderful quality.
I'm so happy I purchased both Vol. 1 and vol. 2 Italian collection.
Great at high volume!
my original cassette and extended version play like new I wish extended versions were available on  cd.
Great soundtrack and recording of the production.
")This is the perfect soundtrack for a blues (or any other type) party--
When Tony Williams leftthe group no replacement ever could fit in.
Fan favorite "Nightrain" follows, with some of the tightest playing on the album and an absolutely killer guitar solo from Slash.  
The best cover of the Beatles song I've heard.
The lyrics are UNBELIEVABLE!!!!
Ultra-cool!!
As I said this is Chris Barnes at his best, and it comes damn close to coming in as CC's greatest as well....
David  Byron's rendition of "Rain" is all too beautiful.
This is perhaps the best collection Amazon has for sale.
Detroit Rock City is everything that made KISS one of the greatest bands ever, with it's amazing power chords, Gene Simmons' bouncy bass lines, and Paul Stanley's incredible vocals, it was a KISS fan's dream come true.
sound musicianship.
I saw the Winos on the Main Offender tour... awesome.
It is a  great CD to do yoga to.
Yeah, this one's a keeper.  
It may, in fact, be the best Moody Blues song from "Octave" on.  
"This album is a reflection of each of our record collections".
I've recently "rediscovered" my love for Supertramp, and until now only had "Crime of the Century" on Vinyl....
I don't get it, how hard it is to press a decent vinyl, and they are not cheap.
a whole, this is the perfect collection for casual fans like myself.  
Of course the album is primarily known for the huge number one hit "Baker Street" and "
This is one of the best renaissance discs I have ever heard.
All tracks are beautiful, displaying McKennitt's style marvelously.  
Shame on me!  
Highly recommended to Carpenter buffs.
Many great songs I had lost come back to me
Definitely worth having in your collection with "Pyromania" and "Hysteria."
Great Colers !
This album is a carefully constructed, vivid portrait with excruciatingly good songs like "One", "Until the End of the World", "Mysterious Ways", and "Love is Blindness".
I love the CD it brings back lots of great memories.
Not a STP record either.  
this is many folks favorite JJ Cale album... all great players... and the song Lou Easy Ann is a classic.
Eulogy is alsoan EXCELLENT song, with a "bomp" noise during the first fewminutes.  
Lionel Richies's best effort.
Its worth a listen once but its...it could have been better.
Every track is quality.  
He's a truly great musician and writer!
Killer is one number that I love apart from its theme n lyrics.
It seemed like this album was everywhere following the death of Kurt Cobain.  
- Ciao
this album is dark and, different but if you listen to the lyrics this whole album tells a story,its amazingthe best songs are,(my favorites)"velvet rope""free xone""tonights the night""got til its gone""go deep""together again"
and "That's Entertainment".
Manowar still pounding today, never insync with the trend of the day,they don't sound like no one but themselves,personally this and into glory ride is my favorite,this cd is heavy begining to end,from the mid paced but ferocious blood of my enemies to the superheavy and fast kill with power all the way to the dark and heavy grinding of bridge of death,these guys run in so many directions each song sounding different than the last all the while sounding like themselves,this cd shows so much originality and creativity backed up with raw talent and power,as far as true metal goes,this is over the top and untouchable,theres a person reviewing this cd on amazon calling manowar silly ,dont pay attention,person is clueless on heavy music,he sounds very digrunteled probably because his favorite band the flock of seagulls are nowhere to be found,these kind of people have no business reviewing  heavy music,Manowar have stayed true to themselves never sold out and stood the test of time,all hail manowar.
They are great!
If you like Rush this CD is one of their best.
Ease myself into a body bag..."  
The production is outdated and some of the songs don't hold up, but it takes you back from the first chorus of Irene Cara's "What a Feeling..."
Everything worth listening to from this band is on this one disc.
This VHS another original documentary.  
More like some bored tweaker trying to sound like Wayne Coyne mixed with Lou Reed and Grace Slick.
Too bad  this collection omits the best and most sexual song from New Jersey,  "Living in Sin", one of the band's best power ballads.
UGH!!Want music?  
And to the reviewer that said KISS was just a "fun" band unlike serious bands like Zepp. ?????
Pretty much everyone was still wrestling with Are You Experienced? - the Hendrix debut.  
I've been a Supremes fan for a long time and I've enjoyed their tunes since I was a kid.
Mildly entertaining if you like your films fast and furious.
This is a awesome soundtrack it is fun and enjoyable to listen to the best songs on this soundtrack are all of them.
The Movie please universal released this great movie.
These styles suit his voice quite well.
This sounds worse to my ears than the "Crime" tracks off of the Supertramp's Hits CD.
bought the 2015 vinyl edition, musically is perfect but the sound, to my taste, is a little dark, has nice and detailed bass, but compared with a previous cd, I prefer the cd sound on this one.
"Killer Queen," "Bring Back That Leroy Brown," "Flick of the Wrist" are all great Queen tunes.  
Bogart and the band produce a sound that's more polished than its predecessors.
Guilty as Hell is another good song of the album.
This is the Titanic.
Haunting vocals, driving rhythms, and a musical purity all unite on this one making it one of Gabriel's finest works.
It's hard to make a good horrorcore rap album.
Gerry Rafferty / City to City:  This pleasant album contains his huge hit "Baker Street".  
To add to the subject matter in the songs, Rush's tight and excellent musicianship is as usual spectacular and undeniably makes this one of Rush's best albums.
THE MOODY BLUES BEING THEIR MOST TRANSPORTING.
From this set, "The Sinner" is a good industrial remix of "The Saint", but it can't compare with the demented poetry laced in from minute 22-27 of "The Box".
It's that good an album, you can't say definitely which is your favorite track.
Quality is superb, entertainment phenomenal - I watch it again and again, as it never gets old.
unless you're only into gothic metal or german accordion music, buy this cd  immediately.
In fact the jamming on this track is much better than the modern day jam bands which are starting to gain popularity.  
This cd is an excellent compilation of GP's songs.
The Mission: Original Soundtrack From the Motion Picture is among my greatest listening pleasure groups!
Overall, R.E.M.'s best album by far.  
I'm not a death metal freak and only own maybe 10 albums of the genre,but this is good stuff.
The sound is more countryish than hard southern rock, but quite enjoyable to listen to.
Sarah Brightman is truly an amazing talent.
One of the greatest blugrass recordings of one of the greatest bluegrass bands ever assembled.
But this live record from The Allman Brothers Band is indeed the best live album ever recorded.
It is the best CD's ever by one of the best bands ever.
This is my least favorite of Bowie's trilogy of albums produced by Brian Eno.
if you like nirvana, there is a good chance youll love this.
The recording quality is very good, with very clear sound, effectively displaying all the instruments at work.
This album was by no means disastrous but it is somewhat disappointing in comparison to "Hot Buttered Soul", "Black Moses", "To Be Continued" and "Joy".
"Nonesuch" to me is their most solid.
Like this comilation a lot and the expression towards life as per the 80's era.
The recording quality is excellent and i would say most bands that play this style currently wish they could sound this good.
Purchased due to the ratings on Amazon.  
Other featured artists includ: Larnelle Harris,  Jessy Dixon, Janet Paschal, and Jake Hess.
Black Limousine is a good bluesy rocker that wouldn't have sounded out of place on Beggar's Banquet.  
And he can play the classical guitar as fluently as he does the electric, which is refreshing.  
"Everyone Else....." is an incredibly intense cry of the soul, and It's the PERFECT introduction to the band.
The guitars carry this album, although much of the music is excellent.
THIS MOVIE AT LEAST 20 TIMES AND JUST HAD TO HAVE THE SOUND TRACK.....GREAT SONGS, FUN TO WORK OUT OR RUN WITH.
Losing It is a quite beautiful ballad (featuring virtuoso violin - another Rush first!);
Most of the experiments are hypnoticly interesting.
Pipe band people should also enjoy as well.
Half of them still look like this.
A great way to learn Gaelic, and the lyrics are a message of hope, for "the mornin' has not come."
That one song has to be one of the best in CCM.
It still sounds great!
THESE, Asia at it's best.  
THESE GUYS ARE JUST THE BEATLES/ WHO ...
Pretty satisfying.
Opiate is not a particularly bad extended player.
This remains a stunning document of electronic music when at it's best.
Therefore, it's my belief that more people probably own "Cross Road" than "Slippery When Wet" or "7800 Degrees Fahrenheit."  
You'll be glad you did....
Too bad they only made a couple albums
(My bad.)
I've listened to this about 100 times trying to let it grow on me, but I still think it is not that good.
Like many others, I owned this historic album on vinyl back in the 80s.
The quality of the CD is great!  
i have been playing certain songs from this one recently.it always fits.rain or shine.you know what u mean.
One of their best albums.
THE BEATLES ~ WHITE ALBUM2.
The All Music Guide reviewer said this is the best "Ultimate Collection" set from Motown, and I don't doubt it.  
The best single-disc Diana Ross & The Supremes collection in print.
"Sit With The Guru" and "The World's On Fire" are a great return to the psychedelic era.
The remixes on here are awesome.
Cool :-)
Quickly, the best album by Peter Gabriel and the sound has never been better!  
a great replacement for a record that was owned years ago, but the music is as good as it was then
A great album overall.
This is a death metal classic.  
Love this cd!
Kyuss's third album, Welcome to Sky Valley, is difficult to discribe in human language.
THIS ALBUM IS VERY GOOD THOUGH.
Every good Moodies fan deserves to own it!
The Verve, sadly this band isn't known very well as bands like OASIS, BLUR, etc which is well sad, one reason is RICHARD ASHCROFT possibly one of the greatest singers in the rock genre in the past 20 years.
Well worth owning...
Teacher I Need You, a serio-comic adolescent fantasy.
smokey is one of my favorite motown artists.
But it's a really cool album and I recommend giving it a chance.
This is one of my favorite christmas albums which is why I purchased this copy to share with a music appreciating friend!
Sure we may never know just how live this album really is, but this is KISS at their best.
If you are an After 7 fan or just a fan of good r&b pick this up!
"Calling Dr. Love" is possibly the best song he did in the entire Kiss catalog.  
great tribute
What does this sound like?
This DVD version is identical to the original release of DOAD in 1995.  
But the quality of what is contained on this collection is top-notch.  
You Marry Me?10/10!!!
Say  We'll Be Together (10) a nice song with nice guitar work and good  keyboarding14.
The audio is decent as is the video.  
There's Always Tomorrow.
the best songs on this soundtrack are all of them.
I now own a number of his albums and this is one I highly recommend.
This CD features a lot of great stuff, if you want to see the play list look it up.  
Pink Floyd outstanding performance and music selections will certainly make history.
Based on those songs, I always assumed that she was just a "disco diva" with a  great voice.
Nice.
one of my favorite bands of all time.
Thanks.
The first 5 songs are Awesome and must be purchased now!!!!!
Very nice stuff.
Death metal fans should buy.
Running For Cover reminds me of a grandiose Steinman/Meat Loaf track.  
Better detail and quieter overall since the cutting pitch (and therefore the cutting level) is wider.
Always liked every track from the first time I heard the album.
this item came more well intact than the others,for this,it did well!
The difference is that the people here aren't serial killers or the like, instead they face their problems with quiet heroism.  
This so called "piece of music" is the biggest puddle of crap I have ever listened to.  
Great performance by a band which helped to define and shape 1960's music - a blend of southern rock and blues with some jazz.
Cheesey synthesisers and boring compositions take over on this release.
Love Bites4) Foolin5) Pour Some Sugar on Me6)
A reviewer here on Amazon stated it was Traffic's best album.
LIZZY are an often overlooked band that every rock fan should check out.this an onslaught of twin guitars and melodies that sound great.
Peace & Blessings
Nobody can compose and play like this ...
A soft sassy little number with gentle sophisticated undertones.  
As said before, the main theme is the  greatest highlight of the CD.
In stark contrast with his unimpressive self-titled solo debut, "461 Ocean Boulevard" is a classic from start to finish.  
Best Wishes!
 the lyrical content and sound board musicianship has gotten hard to digest with the current products...
Pretty alright.
Awesome concert
very good quality, price & delivery, well done!
James Taylor and Carole King sound fabulous together.  
A preview for the next album which is......
"Bob Turkee" "six pack girls" and their cover of "Iron man" are the best.
Sticky Fingers is a classic album, did I not mention that!!!!
Wonderful beat.
Of course, the band quickly returns to malevolence with the lurching metal-on-metal scrape of the delightful Dog and Pony Show.
Dont waste your money...unless you are purchasing just add to your collection this one is horrible!  
Weiland did better on "12 Bar Blues" than he does here.
From the cover art to the "music", everything in CAnnibal Corpse is made consciently to shock, since they just are no able to play...
The perfect soul record.
Trumpeter E.Eklund plays works from the baroque on a period trumpet.
A Song For you has been covered by many people - this remains the best version.
It rocks and secures INXS as one of the greatest rock bands of the 20th century.
This was one of my favorite groups..
you like blues you will like this album.
Both go on and on for far to long and at best, seem like filler.
The Funk Essentials label put out some of the most well- recorded and well arranged music Funk music in compilations and by individual groups and artists ever!
Wonderful collection of music, and the brothers are great together.
Although I'm not a big fan of Nirvana, this is one of the best CDs in my vast collection, and I find myself listening to it regularly.
This is good stuff that deserves quite a few listens !...
His 2002 tour at Madison Square Garden is excellent and showcases all the big hits.  
that hook is awesome!
well its sir paul what can one say its great works by a great beatle.
LITTLE DRUMMER BOY CD.
Sounds to me like a pretty good bet.
There hav been a few hypercrtical reviews of the sound/mixing of it
Again, Clapton himself admitted that being a "great rock guitarist" is a far cry from being one of the greatest guitarists in the world.
This is the greatest mc of all time on his best ever cd.  
A love at first note =).
All tracks are backed by the harmonica playing of one of the all time great harmoica players, Larry Adler.
they deserve to be in the hall of fame now!...
Well worth to check out and pick up.
I love this cd.
So it's like looking back at schoolwork you did.
Boyz II Men is the best selling R&B group ever, and this album shows why.
However, this particular album has some of their best stuff, ever.
As the title says, I bought it for one song but all the rest were there.  Turned out to be a lot of good music from a good era.
The technicals and the sound quality of the DVD are exceptional for a live outdoor concert and I reccommend this performance toanyone that enjoys rock in its purest form......
so why aspire to be like them?  
This is the best cc album and one of my favorites.
"great fire" and "love on a farm boy's" nothwithstanding, this takes a long time to sink in.  
Great artists and fun to watch.  
After seeing Pee Wee's Big Adventure, I came to the conclusion that I enjoy music as much as the movie.  
Nice sound.
This album is one complete and brilliant work of songwriting.
Some well-known favorites intermingled with some lesser known songs.  
This CD is almost as good as I recall from my college days forty years ago, I have no idea why I was grooving on it more back then.  
Este Album Doble es una verdadera Obra Maestra de Sir.
The Cardigans have a great sound but too bad they couldn't churn out timeless songs.
This is undoubtedly the greatest bargain I've ever come across in many years as a CD collector - 2 CD's with 49 of some of the most classic cuts in modern bluegrass for LESS than the price of most single discs.  
This album deserves a Sixth Star.
It is Village People songs.  
I can't say I have a favorite song or Cd, but this is a special one.
I'll continue to say comedian, a good comedian anyway, and some of the best work for just about any comedian can be found here.
Very, very good rock music.
Joe Sample was the pianist.
backed by a great supporting band his playing just flows.
great song.
They sound amazing for a 3 piece band.
A great collection on vinyl and even better on cd.
"Checkin' It Out","Gimmie My Radio",and the deliciously titled "Leather on Leather".
It's too bad that this band never made it -- what you see on this DVD is just a fraction of what they were capable of.  
Native American Flute with guitars of all types including Harp Guitars ...
The two disc live Hammersmith has been available too so the only new stuff are the new recordings by other artists, which I could honestly do without.  
I have written a number of humorous reviews of very bad items, so I feel compelled to say that this is not one of them.
Kramer finished work on the album, but Casablanca Records and KISS deemed it unusable, and the band forged ahead with the Love Gun sessions.
"Still Waters" closed out the Century as the Bee Gees last studio album.  
Least favorite track on the album is "When"...ugh, no thank you.
These two excellent albums got David's career off to a great start.
Here are 24 great Hank Williams songs, you will not be disappointed.
Everything is fun and entertaining on this CD.
Commercially, "Vital Signs" allowed them to reach the big leagues.  
These old 50 movie tunes are not easy to get.
He also was a good actor and, outside rap, a poet!
It wasn't hugely successful upon first release, but its definitely a wonderful record when inspected through any microscope.
If I didn't love "Should The World Fail To Fall Apart" so much, I might say this was his best all-around work.
This record sounds more like KISS than the other three solo albums.
DAVID BOWIE IS A ALIEN
After listening to and falling in love with "2112", I was only too happy to preview Hemispheres.  
This is undoubtedly one of the best albums of the 90's.
This album is just as good as the tremendous 'Shine Eyed Mister Zen' and quite similar to it.
I got a beautiful DVD great quality and received it fast.
Mr. Magic is a classic.
Much like Dimebag Darrell, Flynn's guitar work is really inconsistent.  
Fish Fry - 10/1011.
For the "younger" generation of future metal-heads out there; this is a can't miss purchase.
I absolutely love this song.
RIP David & thanks for the great music.
Good sound!
Disc one contains both the final and "Detroit" mixes.
Another fine tune on the album!
Mattea has it all: down-to-earth beauty; a vivacious, intelligent stage presence; excellent musical taste; and of course that heart-searing voice.  
"Sway" just exudes drunken cool, one of my favorite songs ever.  
Yes y lo catapult a la fama, por lo que lleg a ser considerado el mago del rock.
This album is a perfect listen... even considering that it is a "live" album and that I am not such a big fan of that concept.
this is great for any library.
The devastatingly beautiful closing track Two Grey Rooms puts this album over the top.
This was always my favorite Rush album growing up and it definitely stands the test of time.  
Offbeat sound trip well worth a look if you're into this type of music.
CHEMICAL WARFARE IS THE BEST SLAYER SONG EVER!!!!!
This is probably their second best CD (and it's a close second), behind Collection
Slash needs a musical manager.  
But it is in the best of ways!  
I'm not a big fan of 'horror' movies.  
I hesitated to by it at first because of the poor reviews it had picked up over the years.
This album is a good Paul solo work, with a lot of contribution from Linda.  
This album tells The Beatles story!!
Beautiful.
An amazing musical trip.  
An okay song.
This is a masterwork.
So I realize that these issues aren't because of a bad product or a low rating.
Looked great, fit the phone well, but the top piece broke after only a week or so.
It doesn't work and it's a waste of money.
I bought these and never used them so I can't give a fair review.
Will not order again, will pay more for one instead of going cheap
Great deal on these batteries.
Durable, good low price amd really easy to clean and apply to the phone.
Seemed like it took forever to get here.
Best part of this charger?
Couldn't be happier with this cable.  
Surprisingly the best case I've bought so far is a $1 silicon case which has built in plugs for ALL holes around the perimeter of the phone.
Its a decent phone for the price..
Not worth the money.
It would be much better if there was a standard iPod dock port on it.  
This was fine...
I tried it out at home, where I do get a pretty good cell signal, 4 bars, without the antenna.  
It isn't perfect, but I haven't found a single Bluetooth headset that is.
for my sons razr, he really was happy with them
Good price still in use
Their claims of an "Exact Fit and Satisfaction Guaranteed" are a joke too.
These are really nice!
Great product if you're looking for thin lightweight case.
A little bulky for some but the best protection you can get for your iPhone.  Tried other cases but like the full coverage that the Otterbox offers.
Its cheap for a reason.
These work great!
it's that bad.
She loves this one and it seems to do everything good for her
Also, he said that it was too bulky for his liking, but I like it just fine!The sound quality is great, I can hear others well and I'm told that I come through very clearly.  
This is a good case with lots of extra room for credit cards, cash or business cards.  
This product is very well finished and it is very convenient to take care of the iPod, mainly when you are used to put it inside of your pocket.
Very attractive price also.
I really like the otter box brand and this case is good for the first month about.
Piece of crap!!
I like that it has some hardness to it but the case is not idealIt is very slippery on the backthe sides are ok, very hard feeling knobs but will not slip.alignment is perfect!The plastic back also is not perfect, has blemishes from material
Lol!!
This is a great purchase.
Sound - Good quality.
Overall a really good case despite its few setbacks.
Decent phone and love most of the features.  
Nokia really screwed the pooch on this magnificent phone; just adding a 5mp auto focus camera would have been sufficient and not cannibalized the N8 sales.
*Working great with a iPhone 5S in a Magpul Field Case.  
It was sold as an Apple cord, but I am pretty sure it's a refurbished cord.
Decent but the precut holes are not exact, mainly for the silent flip switch on the side, just doesn't fit around it properly.  
They are great and work just as well as the onel that I had lost.
Bought this for my boyfriend who does not wish to have internet on his phone, works great.
Only thing, I wish it came in other colors besides black.
This is a great buy if you have a teenager that is always on the phone and on the go.
excellent purchase for the price .
The finish is pretty good, not great but i am satisfied with it, had a few scuffs that won't polish off however nothing major.
The item is still being used Love it Thank you
This BB 8900 skin fits perfectly and has a nice texture.
By the way, the return was super convenient, service was excellent.
I needed a phone charger for my car, this was the best deal I found and got three types for a very low price.
It talks while you are using it, and a basic needs for you.
The voice activated features are nice too.
I love this product.  
I still love it and think it was a good price.
It came in a small bag and not the usual Samsung box.  
I put them on and they are fantastic.
Anything heavier, like a cell phone....forgetaboutit !!
The package came with everything I needed to repair the IPhone.
This is the best in-ear bluetooth headset I've found so far.
Awesome, stays in place amazingly well, and the ratcheting grips expand very wide.
Charges incredibly slow, which is useless to me.
AT GMAIL.COM.THANKS!
Excellent, working accessories that actually work as advertised, although I wish the cable was longer.
I just ordered this case over the weekend, and it arrived on Tuesday!
Power draw is pretty poor....  
I love the mirror screen protector it gets lots of second looks.
This works but it's a little shaky on the dash and does not quite swivel far enough for my Ford F-250.
Love the PixelSkin for the iPhone 4s.  
I love this little accessory, wish I knew about it several years ago (when I first got the BB Pearl).  
I have order some from other sellers and I do not like them because they don't last at all.
Seems like a fairly good cover.
It works great and fits like a glove!!!!!!!!!
I use this to mount the head unit of my Midland 75-822 CB to my dash.
Cables did not work at all.  
Have not tried it on 3GS but I think this is an older version of charger.
Well, it's not so comfortable as other models but it does the job to hear music with average quality and also attend calls at the sametime.
This is attractive, and snaps right on with no interference to using the phone.
very good product is just what I expected for the price we paid, satisfied with the purchase, and would recommend to buy!
but I don't even use this earpiece i went to best buy and purchased a different earpiece for 20 bucks im completly satisfied with.
Love this case however when I got it the green was more yellow and I just couldn't stand it.
This mount is a very good product.  
Cheap plastic cover.
My phone the LG G3 does not fit where the phone should fit.  
I purchased the Zune gear bag for my husband -- who absolutely loves his Zune MP3 player.  
I LIKE IT THE PHONE FITS IN  AS SNUG
Waste of money!
Great build quality.
Very easy to remove and reinsert.
works but take too long to chargethanks to one of the reviews i found out how use it..no manual included
With that being said the calls come in clear and neat.
I bought this one because i miss the old slim fones and bored of the big tablets and phablets of noawadays but i regret wasting money on this product because refurbished can never be as good as new or even close to it: many functions not working, buttons jammed, speakers damaged,,etc
and makes it a little more bulky!sill worth the money ($20 pucks)
I've really liked my otter box case, all my devices have them now.
Good sound.
STRENGTHS:
This is the PERFECT headset!
They aren't hard to slide around on nor do they cheapen your phone by making it feel like plastic.
Good case but not the best.  
this is a high end model featuring the most fantastic features of a bluetooth device the stylish boom will help you feel comfortable and ensure the bluetooth is on and in function the sound and noise reduction is perfect the price and everything around is a real breeze still enjoying it.competive price for business and industrial
I would buy this again withouthesitation.  
Within 24 hours, all of them had come to me and complained about their phones.
I love this mirror case protector, and its only a $1.90 its $10 in the mall and it the same exact thing
It does extend out a little more than I'd like but can't complain.
no good
Speaker is terrible...
This was bought thru Amazon warehouse deals; great buy for what i needed it for...but does NOT amplify meaningfully...at least not to this reviewer.
Worked for me!
All in all, not recommended at any price.
It is amazing, and I am only a week in to using it.
You would think "chargers are chargers", but not all chargers are created equal.
The phone clarity is as good as any mobile phone that I have owned.
This turns out to be a pretty nice case.
If you have the scanner...this is very useful.  
This is the phone for you!  
Can't upgrade software to support Twitter......freakin' TWITTER won't run on this thing!  
The JB is either hit or miss concerning quality.  
At the end I went back to my old phillips earbuds with with a good bass but no microphone.
Good secure holder for Nokia 6350, which I recently purchased.  
This so far has been a really good heart monitor strap.  
It is made well with quality material.
Nice: Thin, good looking, felt fine, almost zero extra
its keeping my 10 year olds phone looking great!
I trashed the 2 I bought.
I have purchased several different types of covers/holders for Razr and this one was the most durable.
Very strong and absolutely waterproof box.
This one works great solved my problem perfect fit for the htc mytouch 4g
I guess this mount is better suit for small phone then.
Otterbox should really solve this issue.
perfect for me can charge my ipod,phone,and passangers phone all at once.
For our simple cellphones we picked up an adapter for it since the plug's too big.  
This is a great standard TPU case and fits the phone very well.  
It's still a decent product, but I've since moved on to a cupholder mount that feels more secure.
Yeah .. it's a big case ...
I agree with the other reviews about it not being completely sealed around the optical control.  
Finish on these is cool texture, and were pretty easy to install.
This is my second Q2 headset.  
Okay so it worked fine for a month...
Exact replacement for home alarm system
Samsung cable with Belkin car charger adapter will not charge Galaxy TAB.
Maybe other models are better or more comfortable for excessive use... but for us, you can't beat the price and it fits our needs.  
This case is very nice and pretty.
It is not quite as comfortable of a fit on my ear as my old StarTac, but I'm sure I'll get used to it.  
Great quality screen protection4.
Works great
The S9-HD sound great, and are easy to set up and use (depending on your phone) but if you have a larger head they are not very comfortable (my ears were sore within 30 minutes) as they have very little flex, and no adjustment to speak of.
l m o s t the s a m e b u t d o e s the same con cept
Batteries are batteries what else can I say, but they work.
I bought this case fits perfectly with the phone and the button works great still even with the case covering them.
the charm itself is sturdily made and absolutely adorable.
Very good value.
I will always buy otterbox
This is a very nice blue tooth at a great price.
I have had my Iphone 3GS since December of 2009 when I received it as a X-mas gift and it is the best phone I have ever used.
This was a very nice bluetooth headset until I lost it.
So I am still  not happy with that.
The case seems to be high quality - not cheap like the price would indicate.  
great for privacy but horrible when in broad daylight or just out during the day in general.
It's bulkier than most headset, but it is sooo comfortable.
I got it for my son, he still using it, so it must be good.
So nice to be able to practice putting whenever I want!
The sound quality of it is good, but not superb.
solid, useful and adjustable, good for rehabilitation
My wife loves the Motorola H720 Bluetooth Headset.  
Recibi el paquete a tiempo comtestaron mis preguntassin ningun  problema  los recomientdopara que hagan  sus comprasSaludos  Cordiales
Excellent deal, Great price, fast shipping, feel confident that my shiny gold bluetooth headset is protected
The call quality is great with the earpiece, speakerphone, or included headphones.  
Works well, my husband loves this model and it's very clear and noise cancelling is great!
I bought the same kind of case from Tmobile with the phone,originally, and this one has thicker rubber fits like a give and is all around better than theirs.
Will be returning it.
you need).Camera gives excellent quality 8MP pictures and HD video.
I bought this cover to replace a cover I had bought in the past it was a good high quality cover
The fit was ok, but was easy to remove the case with no problem, phone did not feel secure enough.
Overall a good product.
I love it.the charging duck is a little bitlong
They sound great!  
Great price, sounded good (tested it before giving it as a gift) easy to use and will hold the majority of cell phone users contacts.
This speakerphone connects easily, sounds great, and transmits very little road noise to the caller.
At the gym I find it easier just to carry the iphone4 in my gym shorts pocket with earphones plugged in to listen to the ipod music.
Whoever thought a blue flashing light on your ear was stylish should get a lobotomy.  
The colors are beautiful.
This dock was designed around a feature that the phone does not yet have.
When we travel, we need a iphone charger for gsp nevagation, and my husband is constantly checking stock market updates.
It is a great little toy for anyone who enjoys tinkering with Linux or with hardware.
The device does a fair job of cutting a regular sim to micro sim size.
but oh well.  
Don't hesistate to press "add to cart" if you're looking for some good quality screen protectors for cheap.
Not recommended.
Do not recommend.
The device offers great hardware and excellent software.
At time of writing this review (4-Mar-2012)
Works great & fits in any bag or purse.
Would not recommend this unit for anything.
I've used too many headsets to count and Jabra has the best and most comfortable period!  
The matted screen, however, creates a slippery surface for easy sliding.
I bought this for my RAZR M because of all the positive reviews.
These styluses aren't high-quality by any means, but for the price, you really can't expect them to be.
Other than that great phone.
<div id="video-block-R2BLY02GJQTRC6" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1AztWqsAwS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91jAc75MmgS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">I don't have an iPhone 7 yet, but this actually fits my 6s really well.
It wasn't easy.
It is really well made and very durable and a really good price.
Have cut a handful of cards with this cutter now, and while it takes a scary amount of force each and every time the SIM has come out perfect.
Quite surprisingly, call quality was very good.
This worked fantastic for about 8 months but now it has been beeping and won't seem to hold a charge
I use my phone pretty much all day long.
they would
The price was good, the item received was in tip top condition and now I'm happily using my charger pod.
Until cell phone manufacturers finally make phones with good battery life again, I'll be a dedicated New Trent fan.
You are better off without it.
It lines up great and you can use the keys perfecty too.  
I was quite happy with the audio quality (folks I talked to never complained about background noise, even while driving) and battery life was more than adequate.  
No hard issue seen yet!Good product for the price I bought it at!
So far the quality has been great, a little hard to remove and put back on, but that's to be expected.
Looks lavender over my black phone.
Not suitable for use in an SUV of other big vehicles.
I have been using Tracfone for over 8 years now and am very glad to not be burdened by contractural arrangements with Verizon, Sprint, etc, etc.
The lower, high out-put plug also does a great job at rapid charging my iPhone.
Case is beautiful but will not accompany my iPhone with a protective cover around it.
I hate comparing everything to the iPhone, but after the iPhone arrived on earth.
But Item is fine for Charging.
I love that it comes with an alcohol wipe, and it stuck pretty well at first, but I've found the mount on my car floor.  
Good design for thin GPS and smart pone, but not secure for my galaxy s3 with extended battery and GPS MIO digiWaker, got loose very soon, safe thickness limit should be specified
Had a V1 and upgraded to the Q2 but unlike the V1 this one pushes all audio to earpiece with no option to disable.
its a nice tlephone Nokia C5-03 Unlocked GSM Phone with 5 MP Camera and Ovi Maps...
Very cheaply made!
i loved this phone the only downfall is the memory .....
Only wish the part that holds the phone were bigger..but is the best I have found for my phone and am very happy will keep it.
Excellent rubber case for the price.  
poor quality and slow deliveryi was very unhappy with the product, the screen doesn't protect at all and on top of it it is difficult to instal
The chargers work fine, and I especially like the USB charger.  
I can't say that they're the best, and some of them are pretty bad.
I've had an Otterbox before (Defender Series) and was very happy with it until a thin piece of silicon/rubber broke on the side.
Sound quality could be better but still a decent headset.
STAY AWAY DOES NOT WORK
It's as slight as the difference from 720 to 1080p.  
Disappointed because I like the appearance.
Pros:Great fit, great design, ultimate protectionCons: the built in screen protector get bubbles in it frequently, the bottom where you insert the "usb" is positioned so far up that it makes it not work with almost every cool iphone accessory out there.
the flaw is with the adhesive
It fit perfectly, nice and tight.  
Friends of mine love this phone.
I would suggest to pay a little more and go for the quality
The silicone core attracts too much dust3.
It's a terrific phone.  
The middle one is the actual protector but like I said read the instructions
The cord was a bit shorter than would have been convenient, but for the price I really can't argue; it worked great.
I later bought another case which worked a lot better.
The sound quality was just so much better on the galaxy.
i got this for my sister..she needed a phone cover..she liked the color and it was cheap..sold!
3G is slow.
Like right after I wrote this review some of the rhinestones started falling off.
This is a good fit but the material is sturdy.  
Pretty, but not great quality.
Excellent Battery, been using it on a Vibrant for a month and I get similar or better battery life compared to the stock battery, what more to ask for from a $12 replacement.
Quality of photos taken.4.
The sound quality is excellent!!  
Great price build is OK the only strange thing is everyone on here says it has a tight fit (iPhone 4s) but mine was very loose.
I keep extras in the car..they break every few months...cannot expect to last much longer..so you buy the,m by the dozen.
End result: LOVE IT!!
Good news so far.  
California law for 2008 requires drivers to use an earpiece.  
This case will do that just fine.
I fully recommend it if you can.
This phone case has absolutely saved my iPhone.
Very protective, but hubby hated the bubbles that would appear under the screen
No response.  
This seller is great, we have two older cell phones we like using that are not thesmart phones.  
Nice protective black case that will quickly change colors due to the dirt and lint it collects.  
It's OEM, works as expected, and holds the charge.
I love the texture of it, plastic but still kinda velvety.  
Great find, small decently made and shipped MUCH faster than they claimed.  
This is a good pouch, with a soft protective surface for my iPhone.  
For the Price it was really good.
So far I love it.  
We love the case as it does what it's supposed to do without adding a lot of bulk to it.
As a restoration contractor I have to climb around attics and under houses.  
The phone is gorgeous with good voice quality and slightly above average reception of the 7 phones I am familiar with.
plus, i think its better to press the pause button to disengage the tape reels.
Sony ericsson is about eight hours playing music through my phone.
The Cruiser is a great idea and works well occasionally.  
Thank you.
Anyway, right off the bat, I LOVE this phone.  
i love silicone cases!
I love this phone.
Not perfect but for 10 bucks what the heck.
I like this product sometime its freeze.
but the cover is great.
Looks like the film that protects a new phone.
Worked as advertised.  
VERY BAD MATERIAL
It's a little difficult to get the phone in and out because it's such a tight fit, but once it's in there it seems snug and secure.  
I liked it a lot
I did not expect this product to jus be a slip on case.
This mount works great.
The speakers looked very well constructed, so I'm not going to take off any stars for my odd factory speaker arrangement.
This is hands down the most simple , easiest way to hold your smart phone in the vehicle , very quick to install well built .
It works well.  
Very well made.
Lastly, what I love about it even more than all those features is the fact that it's comfortable.  
Lasted two years or more, simple and featureless phone
So now it does not stay on the ear, it still functions fine.  
As other reviewers have noted, the sound quality on this is quite good, though oddly I encountered more sound problems indoors in a quiet room than when I was outside moving around.
Glad i switched from the LG tone + to this.
This case is very fitting and very sleek for the myTouch 4g. I loved this case from the minute I opened it due to the fact that it actually is tight and fitting, unlike the all silicone/rubber cases.
Don't waste your money.
The speaker is very audible even in my 6 year old dodge and I don't have the greatest hearing.  
I didn't like it at all.
This is a pretty nice case as far as cases go!
and my phome does act like a gps.
This is minor.
My cell is an HTC Evo 4G but these screen protectors are too big for the screen.
It's sturdy and stylish.
I now have a NoiseHush BT headset that makes this thing look like an April Fools joke.
This thing works fantastic!
I tried some different shields - dry and wet applications - and ZAGG continues to be my favorites.
This battery holds a charge as good or better than the original, up to three full days without putting it back in the charging stand.
Good product, not good on policy.
a very well made cable.  works great for car audio applications!
Sound quality is good on both ends of the line.
You will not regret this purchase.
Works, and is great for rental cars when you can't use a more permanent mounting solution.
These are even better quality than what I was expecting.  
NO WAY!!!!
works as described.  
Matte Finish!  
Not a big deal for me.  
Not cool.
Did not like the way the blue tooth headset fits on my ear.
Nothing to complain about at all.  
Dust, coolant, tiny metal chips....
I specifically search for these items according to my phone carrier and this is what was sent which doesn't fit my phone at all
Comfort wise I had no issues and it did not make my ear canal sore after prolonged use.  
It's a good thing this unit is off the market.
I knew when I bought this case pouch that the pouch would be too big for my cell phone.
so, i can give what i can only assume to be a great review of this product.
Overall a great looking case.
Like the other reviewers have stated, this case is pliable and loose.
it's pretty cool really.  
"DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT".
Buy from AMAZON because the price is much much better than buying from the Blackberry website.
I had previously bought the i2 Gear and this was constructed so much better.
Still works after one year!
The plugs are as represented.
This case has a really narrow fit on the iPhone 4S black; for me it is impossible to install on an iPhone 4S white.
That's all I can ask for.
Unfortunately I have to agree with the other reviewers who complained about the tight fit.
As other reviewers mentioned this is very tight on iPhone 4S. i had to push it very hard to try it.
great seal, no defects, great product.
Will not protect corners from drops but looks and feels great.  
You can tell the quality isn't as high as officially licensed Apple products, but I'd rather buy a few of these in different colors than overpay at the Apple store.
but it's cool.
The earhook works fine around my glasses.
It's easy to do once you know what you are doing.
I've had this for sometime now and it still works good.
Like skeptical lawyer said...
So I like this black case better because it's pretty much made for this phone.  
Pros+ 2x batteries and a travel charger, great value!+ travel charger not only charges a (single) battery, but also has a standard USB port+ same capacity as regular Samsung batteries (1500mAH)+ cool logos if you're an Android user (I'm not
Flash support is good but far from perfect.
i still have extra to use which is all good.
I thought it was a cool idea, but it didn't work as expected.  
Lightweight, Matte Black look, and doesn't make the phone feel heavier.
This cassette adapter works well for me because I have an older car and want to play music from my ipod or phone through the car speakers.
Check a neat little device called portapow  it measures the amp draw from your device.
Sadly, I have a cat who thinks bluetooths taste good (6 of them to be exact) and it was getting expensive..
Easy to put on and take off.  
I am so glad I own this product.
It still lit up like it was charging, but nothing I plugged into it would charge.
good product
I'm so disappointed.
Price was great (cheaper than the shipping).  
I would like to say that this is not cheap junk, but it did nothing at all for my cell reception.
I LOVE this phone.  
Had an iPhone4 with battery issues, and this solved them.
This body armor is a phone saver.
It charges pretty fast and hasn't gotten weaker as most of the other chargers do.
Excellent Quality!
Aside form the material quality, I had some serious issues with it.
It was one of those things that sounded like a good idea, but didn't pan out in the long run.
This Bluetooth is the best, great sound, everyone can hear me completely while talking and the ability to hear directions from my phone and/or music is amazing.  
She really likes it and both of them keep our iphones safe.
The back light for the keypad its pretty dim!!
I used it to get good signal into my basement home office and it works great for that.  
Beautifully grippy, and easy to hold.
I love these screen protectors!
All in all, this is a great case that all Incredible owners should own.
It fits my phone great too.
You can swap whose iPod you're playing from.
It looks like something that came off a 3D printer with it's mass of stark white plastic.
Went to local stores to find this product.  
This low cost little item was great for the rugby at first.  
This pouch is nice with a nice and soft quality leather.
The price is right... at under $1!!  
I love the case design, and got this to replace a broken black iFrogz luxe lean case.  
Imperfect solution.
ugh. aside from the bubbles, i like how clear it is, but i feel like i'm better off not using the screen protector at all.
It's the best I've ever had!
The sound is good.  
There are much better cases out there.
Worked great for the iphone.  
Beautiful bra.
The glasses were missing and I didn't realize it until the day I was going to wear it.  
I live on a ranch and my everyday watch takes a beating.  
LOVE the strap adjustments in the front!  
Quality garment - had to return only for fit.  
Excellence can only describe how pretty and soft the leather is .  
person i got these for had no complaint they were the brand and style they liked to wear.  
Love them everytime
I have narrow feet and they fit me like a glove.
I'd like to give these a good review because the cotton has a very nice feel, and I have to have cotton leg openings, but they stretch out very fast and bag throughout, especially the leg openings.
now that she is a bit older, i would have preferred she look at shoes with a little more support and cushioning especially around the ankle areabut nooooooo, she insisted on Chucks again after not wearing them for 15 yearsaaaand, she loves them :)
I love the quality of the Carhart T-Shirts.  
Great for chubby little toddler feet!
Followed the size chart, but they were not long enough
Nice for walking long distances and great for driving.
They were a perfect fit but narrow.  
Nice try though....
This bra is so comfortable on, I forget I am wearing one.
Don't need to write this review.
but now I just like this as a casual shoe from time to time going out to a restaurant or just wearing around casually
Best thing I ever did.
My standard hose
Bought them for my daughter, she loves them, in fact these are her second pair in 2 years!
Very nice.
I'm always a size six and this was like a 10.
Great neck and nasal protection in cold weather, both on and off the slopes.
Great fit,  a little extra room for warm clothes underneath the jacket.
I prefer the low tops.  
Recommend to anyone looking for a good pair of summer shoes!
but they are clearly a 10 toddler.
I anticipate they will be as durable and versatile as my last pair.
just needed the watch itself.  
These are the most durable, extremely comfortable sandals I've ever owned.  
If you're an experienced wire jewelry maker, there's not much new to be found in this book.
Converse was a great company but under Nike it loses a green star for poor working conditions in overseas factories.
Carhartts and great work pants, don't snag, hold up to rough wear and kinda water resistant + protect from a lot of sparks created when welding.
DO NOT order your regular size if you plan to wear jeans under them.
They are very comfortable and fit well.
I like my ASICS.
This shoe is all I had hoped it would be.
Even though it seems a bit ridiculous buying children shoes for this kind of price, which is none-the-less, the shoes came in perfect quality and they're even more adorable than the pictures online.
These pants are great!
Love my new watch!  
The finest most expensive casual socks I have ever bought.
Love the color though!!!
A strong solid sandal
I have some nice regular bras that do the job, but no sports bras.
Being 6'4" and 250, this shirt fits quite well, much like my other Carhartt shirts.
Poor quality control!
I am a nurse so I am on my feet a lot and these shoes are more comfortable than my sneakers!!  
I like the style,fit, feel and quality in most respects but they should be much more durable for this price.
Run true to size I ordered 2 sizes up because all of the bad reviews said they run small.
but I can still wear them comfortably as long as I have the laces on tight.
Love this product.
these bras were comfortable for sleeping and yet gave great support!
the wigs a bit shabby but overall a nice costume
This dress has met all of my imagination.
LOL...
Bad size design.
Awesome!
The best part about it is that it's not a giant laptop bag and is much more stylish and functional than one.
I have a 2xl carhart and the one I purchase is 1 size to big compared to my old one
My son LOVES it and wears it at least once a week.
Purchased one size smaller, based on reading reviews,  and they fit perfect.
Great shorts.  
I do like the color design on this.
Fabric is great, very comfortable and true to size.
Easy to see and I love Indiglo.
Cute little socks.
Nice boots They fit has expected
I am glad I also bought them in my true size - just wish I could have gotten them in this color!  
I think I have done well in converting size from US to italian but still one size larger.
A very comfortable, versatile pair of shoes.
This Yukon Coveralls turn out to be the best thing I bough in years.
The pocket is great to fit my pens and a sharpie and the quality is top notch as you would expect from Carhartt.
Upset came cut on side dirty because I dropped them in mud when I was showing a friend
Excellent fit!!!
Ever since I had my first baby, I've been on a constant hunt to find tops that hide my tummy without making it LOOK like I'm trying to hide something (even though I am).  
I Love these Carhartt shirts they are thick and heavy duty, you know right when you put it on that this shirt is going to last a long time.
I wear a size 10 in every other shoe but a size 10 in the converse all star is longer so the shoes are slightly too big but other than that got hear on time and was a good looking product
Was told that it was very warm and fits great!
Keen shoes always fit me well and I find them comfortable.
Lightweight great shoe all in all.
Nice and comfortable.
It is a comfortable bra, however I feel like the straps don't do as much holding up as other bras I have had.
already falling apart.  
Fantastic deal.
Love the front closure.
Couldn't do it.
rugged enough to wear on the rocks and not worry about my toes hanging out.  very comfortable!!!
Love the product and the look.
I would know since I've been wearing these for many years now.  
love wearing them..will buy more.
Dries quickly, good traction, very comfortable.
Even though I ordered his correct size it was about 2 full sizes too big.  
ALWAYS buy a half a size smaller than yours.
Next time I will go to the store and look at the shades in person.
Very comfortable, fit just right.
Other than that though I love the idea.
Cheap piece of junk that doesn't even fit on the watch!
The seller did an excellent job and I would buy from this seller again.
This fit as expected and are more durable than the hose I have been able to purchase in the stores.
This is perfect and fits her small wrist very comfortable.
Also he loves them.
Gifted to my Grandma..she fall in love with this watch !!
Canvas is sturdy and cleans easily.
Warm but very stiff.  
These are great, comfortable, durable, and very supportive.  
This will replace the one I got for my granddaughter that she absolutely wore out she liked it so much.
Not expensive and easy to use.
Otherwise they are very nice jeans with excellent colors.
Loves the coat.
THANKS!
The Merrell Mocs are very comfortable.
I bought this in the same size as my regular Natori bra and it fit great.
My pink-obsessed daughter loves this watch, and I love that because of its strap, she can slip it on and off herself.
overall, it is a great pair of shoes
They're perfect for anyone who doesn't like bikini or high-rise panties.
They both fit well, wear well, and look nice.
sturdy, good looking and functional.
It looks like it'd probably serve well as a bust minimizer, but it's not my idea of a truly supportive exercise bra.
Years ago you could buy a bra that was both comfortable and flattering.
I buy a new pair of these every year.
The size was a guess for me when I ordered, but it fits perfectly and I love the light texture of the fabric.
I have instructions on sizing from a store which sells high-end bras.
This fit is the one from "Omar the tent maker" you've always heard of.
A very nice and elegant watch.
I was hesitant but decided to buy this jacket for my 17 year son and he loved it!
Length is perfect, but width is slightly tight.  
These are nice and roomy and the price was great so glad I found them!
Great quality,  however the size runs very small.
Perfect for my toddler grandchildren .
She was so happy to be Minnie Mouse and got a lot of compliments.
I would probably have fit better in a 12.
I ordered a toddler size 1 and got a regular size 1 shoe addressed to someone else on the other side of the country.
Perfect shoes for work
A great summer shoe for guys.
Love this bra!  
7 wide is what i wear, ordered 71/2 still to snug, reordered from zappos sz8 perfect.
I payed $125 for these on Hilton Head.
I have been purchasing Reef Slap sandals since they first started making them.  
Does anyone know of any great support/sprt bras out there?!
I have replaced the shoes just so he could have a nicer/fresher looking pair but the old ones still look good!  
Hehe I'm happy and they fit perfect
hopong i have better luck with this one as it says shower safe.
Great pair of bibs.
love love this watch we had it for a while and we still love it.
I like the Spanx that I got - the product was to be expected.  
he loves it though
I was better off going into my local foot locker and seeing what I was getting in person.
Been wearing Levi's my whole life.
these were darker than the picture, but I love the way the fabric feels, it's very soft for denim.  
These are high quality bags.
Fit well.. looks great!
I love theway they look and smell when they are brand new!
This product has a very nice appearance and is elaborated with great materials.
I haven't washed it yet, but it would have to shrink like crazy in order not to fit me.  
#1- this is a bag, not shoes... so the review was quite interesting.
I'm just gonna say that even the draw strings of my swimsuits have better quality than this and they were made in India.
They already had runs when I removed them from the packaging.
They are as advertised!
Footbed is great despite arthritic back and knees.
Quality of fabric is great!  
Great jacket.
I purchased these to compliment some 10th Doctor cosplay, and like most Converse, they're a little uncomfortable in the sole.
But overall this is a great watch for a great price.
Not sure what they are like in the teens.
I like mine a little loose

In the picture they are really cute but when I got them I was pretty disappointed.
They are so comfortable and smoothing.
High quality t-shirt runs a size large for me...XL fits like XXL.

Very thin, but does provide an extra layer and comfortable under clothing.
Love Wrangler jeans!
My daughter is size 12  (5years old ) they were a bit big by couple inches no big deal .
I couldn't keep the watch's date and day of the week correct.  
my wife loved it!
Good color, great fit.
thank  you David
So large, I kept tripping!
It's perfect on me, and way more comfortable than Hanes, not to mention better constructed of better fabric.
My grandson has a chunky foot and they fit him good
Nice feeling stockings but with good control.
Great would buy again
SO THESE AREHARD TO WEAR AND SOMEWHAT PRICY
My husband wears these and really likes the fit and durability.  
Kinda tight, but it gets loose after first wash, good overall.
I LOVE these bras - they are incredibly comfortable and look great under all sorts of clothes.
Nephew loves it.
Great watch for construction workers.
Look different than ones in the famous footwear, cheaper??
I like this watch, and it's a good value for the price.
I wear 11 4E and they don't do the 4E thing so I got 11.5 which game me some breathing room
Very good product!
The pink shoe is perfect.  
I love these shoes!
Good shoe for my son to grow in.
Nice fit, very soft.
These bras are great support and comfortable.
Vintage like design.
Excellent!
Love this shoe.
Very good quality.
Always have liked the Carhartt clothing.
It's pretty with the two tone and the watch is big enough so I can see it clearly.  
They arrived promptly and fit right and are comfortable.
I am very disappointed in the quality of this Timex watch.
The blue color is nice and doesn't make it look like a work coat.
First pair graced my feet in the late 70's.  
I don't know how to explain the difference but they do look pretty different.
The material is a bit 'stiff' which makes it rub on your skin.
just received the jacket 4 days ago,,am 6ft,,200lbs,,ordered a large tall,,fit perfectly,,live in upstate NY,where its been very cold,,wind chills to 35 below,,had to great chance to try it out,,wore just a sweatshirt underneath,and didn't feel any wind or cold,,except face as it was exposed,where the jacket covered was comfy,it was as promised pretty stiff,there will be a break in period to soften it up some,i could not be happier,thank you Carhartt ,,i can see why your products are highly rated in customer reviews,will definitely buy more Carhartt products,it is money well spent and does what its suppose to do...i highly recommend.
It fit my 3 year old barely (4T), so I don't think it could fit up to a size 6 like it specified, but overall it was very cute.
Very comfortable shoes.
Perfect socks for a cool tile floor.  
This is a bag--not a pair of shoes.
Great gown with collar (was worried about fit, but NOooooo problem).  
Perfect base layer.  
very nice watch ,and it changes colors ,
This shoe has been very comfortable since day one.
like it, fits, comfortable
I sent this to my granddaughter and she loves them, and that's all it matters to me.
obviously I like the product & particularly Amazon's price
This is just as warm as the matching hat I bought.
Very warm and super durable.
We love our "Chucks"!  
Love these shoes!
I bought this brand in retail that was too big so I bought a smaller size on this order and found they run small.
Literally, it looks like Incredible Hulk scrunched the shoes in his bear hands and left them definitely not looking new.
It fit but no room for layering  , so reordered a 42 , perfect fit & more comfortable!
Works really well.
It ended up being a tad bit smaller than I expected but it is super cute.  
Will not purchase from this stellar, and I caution you.
Well,this's it.
I wish I could find a hose that looks great and has some durability!
but the length of this pants was like 2 inch longer than usual 36 size.
Ok... these are really nothing to look at but they are super comfortable and I am so glad I read the reviews and my husband
Definitely just a cheap item to get you through Halloween.
too tight around the thighs for my liking
Super cute on her sweet feet.
I decided to buy the completely black Hi-tops...and they are great.  
Soft, fits well.
Love-love-love these shoes.
I can't find half sizes in stores, so I was pleasantly surprised that these fit so well having never tried them on before.
it'sCarhartt  the name says it all
Not the fanciest, but sturdy.
I'm a size 14 and it fit me great!  
Will never wear anything else!
Extremely disappointing for a Timex product.
Well made, looks very stylish the one draw back and reason for not giving it 5 stars is YOU CAN'T READ THE TINY DATE........
Good fit, good quality, everything you expect in  a good pair of Levi's.  
THESE BRAS ARE VERY SOFT, NO PADDING , HOOK IN THE FRONT,  I LOVE THEM.  
Yes, i realized they were boot cut, but they were a bit longer than expected and a bit tighter in the thigh/crotch area.
I like these shorts.  
He told me to never buy him any other jacket again.
The color it's so nice, i had to gift them to my sister, since she's EUR 39....
Though it might sound lame, I find this uniqueness kinda cool...
Doesn't seem quite as supportive as an older pair of Newport H2s I have.  
Overall he seems happy with my purchase.
I bought this jacket for my teenage son and it fits great!!
times...always reliable!
It is a good quality shirt and didn't shrink much in the drier.
These shoes are fantastic.
It actually seemed like it was stretched out around the bottom like someone bigger tried on a size too small for them.
I read some reviews that stated the Jeans are a bit small but I felt they fit very well and are very comfortable.  
I'm a little disappointed.
My husband loved it!  
I am an 8 US women, but I ordered 7.5 and it fits good, an 8 would have been too big.
I don't wear anything else if I have e to be on my feet a lot.  
I wear a 32 jean and verified about 20 pairs in my closet.  
At least my daughter can use them when she gets older.  
Extremely fast ship... item just as in photos
Only loses a star because I had to break them in a bit.
My husband is more like a 38" but insists I do not get him anything but a 36.
It was something pretty that could allow her to run down the street to her friend and be home on time: responsibility.
for my son, he liked them
He loves 'em :-)
They look nice but don't fit.
They fit perfect, true to size, good support, and perfect for winter weather.
If you're looking for a flip flop or sandal that's going to "fit like a glove" and feel amazing these are the real deal.  
Quality was very good.
well my daughter loves them :)
Very good jacket.  
Classic Converse.
Carhartt never disappoints, once you find a size, it's consistently made.
Finally got the shirt that fits well and is a great quality.
Great quality, long lasting blue jeans
If you have wide feet, buy larger models
It is a good size & fits in my handbag just right.
Nice jacket, good weight, good price.  
Also, it would be nice if  I can get an option of size 32 by 31 in length.
The locust trees are the most aggravating.  
Very good shirt,have been wearing carhartt t-shirts for many years.
They fit and feel great and hold up very well.
I just tried this product on my silver jewelry that was tarnished, and after just 10 second on using this product my rings looks like new, so I'm happy with my purchase,
These added a super cool casual but matching vibe to the boys attire at our wedding.
The quality is high, he has not had any issues even though he wears these at least every other day.
Comfortable shoes.
I tried the mesh tennis shoes to be cooler and good support but they just don't hold up.
Perfect post surgical wear-around -the-house bra.
I'm certain these will give me years of good use.
The "covers" for these trays, as some reviewers have mentioned, are a single piece of heavy clear plastic film, with finger holes cut out.  
Don't waste your money.
Pretty sporty and fit perfect!
Not like the old heavy cotton ones, though.
My son loves these and they are very cute.
I was definitely underwhelmed with this top.
Great product!
I love these sneakers.
Great shirt but very boxy and large.
The waist fits fine as expected, but the pant legs are looser than I thought and are very thick.  
I like this jeans but they are smaller than the normal Wrangler size.
It's a Carrhart, what else need I say!
Love the cedar smell!.  
I carry only three credit/debit cards, I have a lot of shoppers' rewards cards (e.g., Safeway, Staples) that get regular use.  
My daughter liked the all black design.
The quality is lovely.
So disappointed.  
Carhartt shirts are made to last.
IT WAS CHRISTMAS GIFT FOR MY DAUGHTER WHICH SHE HAD WANTED FOR THE LONGEST TIME  LOVED
Carhartt jeans are great and I think these tees will be too.
Roomy enough to wear a medium thickness sock - very comfortable, excellent support; sometimes I wear these all day.  
The color is fine, distinct but not too bright and not gaudy.
this kept my neck sooooo warm!!
I don't recommend this watch if going to use it for heavy use.
But it's functional for runs, and trips to the beach in which I'm throwing dog toys in the water for my dog.
He says it is really comfortable and hates wearing any other shoes to school.
He is happy!
Great shirt, especially for the price.
See note above and use it for all of my Neatnix purchases.  
So soft, nice colors, and do the job of keeping me warm well!
Buy this watch if beauty is more important than practicality.
i love the color.
Loved the boot but it was too loose in the heel and a smaller size was not available.  
Love the look of this sneaker!  
They're simply great Chucks delivered on time.  
This was nicely package, so when I pulled it out it looked pretty.  
Love these shorts.  
At the end of the second day on, no issues at all, completely comfortable, I'll wear these for years I'm sure!
Good colors and material, and fits well my 3 yr old nephew, little dissapointed because does NOT have muscles .
But it's close enough and will look fine under my dress....
I loved Maidenform and thought I had finally found the perfect bra.  
This is the only brand I will wear, and I am 1,000% happy with this color and look and feel.
Heavy shoe but great support.  
I bought this for a friend's 7-year-old daughter.  
However, I recently purchased the "winter animal" color.
A little sock stuffing in the toe and fits great for me.
Best fitting jeans I've bought in a long time and the pockets are just right.
For what shoes go for these days , these are a great deal .
Timex quality, easy to read, lum is good, size is not to big nor to small.
I have worn this flower Bali bra for about 25 years, I like it because the underwire gives support without being stiff and uncomfortable.
this should be a sweater bra.
Not a color that is even offered.  
I like the look of these hose, but they run very easily.  
I have 3 pairs of Keen shoes and love them all.
Very uncomfortable and with this problem, definitely not worth the price paid.
It looked great as i put it on but it began to tear apart in less than 3 hours.
I always love Chuck Taylors.
I'm a repeat Merrell buyer and they've always been satisfied with the quality of workmanship
He enjoys them as temps getting warmer.
Don't buy this watch.
Seems like the 8.5 fits more like an 8.
I love Chucks and I'm so happy to have a pair to wear to the Clemson vs. South Carolina game.
Be advised, its a nice shoe, fits well, and its is made of some type of seude.
it was at least 1-2 cup sizes too small!
He wasn't very happy.
Probably Merrell's best product, as I have worn many styles.
All the other pairs I got which were all 34 waist fit me fine but this pair of 34's I couldn't even get them close too button.
I ordered the same size waist that I always wear and the waist was way too small.
Love the purple color and size.
I love these hose and am thrilled I can order them with just a couple of clicks!
Bits well.  
Love em.  
Fit as expected and my wife wears them frequently.
Great  pantyhose .
I use this silver polishing cloth on all my silver jewelry which always comes out shiny.
One tiny criticism is the pointiness of the cups.
But this one is my absolute favorite.  
Fashionable high quality wear
Great.
I thought it'd be great for golf too , but it's not.
I absolutely love love these shoes.  
They're great for warmer months since they're not thick/heavy fabric.
Great gift for my father.
This is my 3rd pair and I love these shoes.
The panties are about 2 inches deeper than a regular size.  
Oh, yes, I meant to add; the sizing is very accurate.
Good shoes.  
I get so many compliments on its design and while I do enjoy the design, the technology is what has me hooked.  
These are perfect.
Great color selection.
Strong recommendation.
Stylish, comfy.
I saved $50 on this shoe, very comfortable and they look better than the picture
These shoes fit well and it's exactly as described.  
Bought two pair and glad I did!....
I love this shoe.
Quality is good.
Its great with tank tops, provides great support and is comfortable.  
A great song and a timeless classic!!
The piano touches are quite special.
Cotton Eye Joe what can i say.
It is now in my frequently listened to playlist.
i did not buy this so not sure why i'm asked to rate it..
If you like vintage bluegrass, this must be in your collection.
Nice guitar work in particular, and lovely vocals.
Really great album.
This song explains how I feel about an ex friend of mine and if i see her again at a reunion at our old school then I will if need to play it for so she knows why I broke the friendship with her.
Remarkable quality!
i like it.
It's what you expect from Jaheim, good beats, and good rhymes!
A+ in my eyes.
The words truly minister's in way to uplift you out out of despair and give a great amount of encouragement
This is a great early hit by INXS from some of their early stuff.  
Will play this at many of my Old School gigs!
So of it's time it gives you chills
great country
This song made me laugh so very hard when first heard so long ago (laughter is some of the best medicine) and was so glad to find it available to purchase and listen to on my Amazon Cloud.
The song couldn't be better and is right on the money.
Nothing like the instrumental of Green Onions.
I long that we believer's in Christ would live out the meaning of this song.
One of the best songs by this artist.
love his music and I will be purchasing more in the near future as long as my wife lets me order
Nice song that is performed well by this group.
This album has a lot of Jackson Browne's biggest songs.
Remarkable group I would say .I have this on an old vinyl.
When people ask me what style of music I like I always say grunge or post-grunge and these guys started it all.
RECOMMEND SONG
- it still holds up this many years later and is a great song
...I AM FROM KENTUCKY...
Our tour guide told us that he liked Tumbling Tumbleweed so much that he would have the band in the grand dining room play this song, Tumbling Tumbleweed, over and over!!! ---
Always loved this song.
GAVIN could be the perfect musical ambassador to securely nail the coffin closed on the BOY BANDS, POP IDOLS and TEEN DIVAS !
Just a nice song to pay tribute.
David Rehakauthor of "A Young Girl's Crimes"
This is an oldie but a goodie!  
I love Jennifer Lopez.  
Love her to the max.
Great song, beautiful couple great movie
I always loved this song.
Great instrumentals.
It was the perfect choice for one of the best TV series endings I have ever seen.  
A really great song.
Nothing else needs to be said.
Not only do they sound great but Casting Crowns sings songs that are filled with the Holy Spirit's Truth.  
It's Glorious!!
However...this is a truly great song - both the lyrics and the vocals!
It is a favorite of mine and I'm glad to own it.
I guess if you are an Al Kooper fan, there is some merit, although, the Kooper kuts here were done better and more dramatically with BS&T.
If ya want to kick things up a notch this is definitely the song!!
I have always wanted this song but now is a perfect time to purchase it with a SUPER GREAT sound.
Love the song -- good beat and just different.  
I just don't like this song.
I am not saying anything the others haven't Coulton is awesome.
I was a great, crystal clear recording of the original song.
I simply love this song!  
I love it.
"Doin' My Time" is even better when enjoying a tasty Hot Pocket.
Its Rufus and Chaka Khan how can you not love this original version.
A bouncy, feel good song.
Starts slow ... piano chords then pops in the Orchestra.
For me it says my love to my lady.
Great song to drive with.
Ray Manzerik comes in on most of the vocals and does a very good job.
Ozzy Osbourne is a great singer.
When I am feeling good -or want to feel good I play this!
I find I tend to be more open and receptive to the Holy Spirit and where God needs me to be when I play this song.
Ray Manzerik comes in on most of the vocals and does a very good job.
Good stuff
I play Sarah and Andrea, Celine back to back because they both are very beautiful.
My great uncle was reminded of looking out over Pearl Harbor from Hickham Field while the Japanese dropped their bombs.
It's still a good rendition of "Rudolph" though.
wonderful should be song when you propose to someone
I am a Vietnam ERA Vet, and my youth was a magic carpet ride.
I finally see what all the fuss was about..Jewel made me feel like Miss America!  
The sound is awesome, the words fantastic, the melody beautiful.
Quality album from MJB.
Music for my times-great memories
'Puff" is, of course, not a children's song, but a song for adults about childhood.  
Enjoy thinking about how good the ocean smells and how much fun I had.
for the price you can not beat this item you should try this item you will love it as nuch as i do
I do like this song a lot!
Frankie Beverly and Maze will always be one of my favorite groups.
Everyone loves this simple tune of exquisite beauty.
I love the song and will download it soon.
This song mixes a dance type sound with the halloween type sound that has been beautifully created.  
I like to check out the lyrics to songs and I like this song.  
It's a great song.
No words, I just really like this song, good guitar, good vocals!
This was some useless version with a bunch of crap that had nothing to do with the original song.
Some are more keyboard driven and others feature Mark Knophler's fine guitar playing.
Love the old school sound.
I've been humming this old tune for a few weeks and then realized I needed to add to my musical repertoire.
And it doesn't fade out and back in like the 8 track.  
i downloaded this song for my workout playlist.
I have always loved this song!
I love it.
love this song,tender loving care
Do as I say.
Alright, listen to the lyrics for this one.
For those of us who love "soft pop" this is a standard.
Classic Blues Disc redone in Digital.
lively,an oldie but goodie
Felt in love with it and just had to have it.
Their unique voices make a great combination on a great song.
Awesome!!!!
This is the most popular version of the song written by Kris Kristofferson and without a doubt, the best.
Beautiful ballad by Penridge and KISS.
The Spice Girls "Wannabe" holds a special place in the hearts of those who grew up in the 1990's.
The melody, violin and lyrics can heighten the mind feeding senses.
Best car commercial EEEEver!
Great old song .... perfect sounding
Amy was the best and so ahead of her time!!!
Excellent choice
It's a song with not many lyrics but says a lot.
you are looking at reviews?
(smile)  A great song!
I just enjoy listening to this song, especially the violin parts.  
Yes...I'm ol' skool...
It made my Workout playlist.
I can't tell you anything that you don't know already about this song (it's great)!  
cool song.
I love Mary's easy delivery, her voice is so soulful.
Can enjoy it on my smartphone and my KindleFire!
That's is why it is one of my favorites.
Song: B+
All considered great purchase.
Totally remastered.
Clarity was perfect!
This song is the day the music died and Don McLean does a wonderful job and how he describes everything.
My girls and I LOVE this song!
The bad thing: It ONLY has Bob's best....
great cd run out and buy this!!
There are a few parts not found on the DVD, but overall you are better just sticking with the DVD.  
Casting Crowns are now one of my favorite singers.
This song by Peter Frampton is just as memorable as any of the songs you hear a lot on Classic Rock radio from the "Frampton Comes Alive" album (which I have on CD).
Only Mike.
The result is a landmark cross-over song that is both simple to listen to, and delightful to revisit.
Hey this is a very up beat song that captures the fun spirit that it is to be female.
I love this song the quiality is great,adn I enjoy putting it on my own personailized cd.
I am not a big Tim McGraw fan but I bought this song for a friend of mine who lost her daughter.
Have enjoyed listening to this song of Kelly Clarkson's over and over again.  
And their "most annoying" is their best song.
I am glad I could get this album.
He had not even hit his peak and will always be remember for his beautiful voice.
this song is so to me now why i had this song in the 80s the women loves it o.k.
After you hear the words of the song, the voice of the singer and his interpretation of the song you suddenly realize how important relationships and loved ones are and you shouldn't take them for granted.
Love how easy it is to purchase and download music on the website.  
The Supreme have made some beautiful recordings and this one, with the addition of Lionel Richie, is just out of sight.
Great song!!
I love this song and the memories I shared with my mom when she was alive.
These women could sing and make you feel it years later.
In my own opinion this is one of Eric Clapton's BEST SONGS!!!.I would recommend this song to anyone who is looking for Rock Music from the 1970s/1980s!!!.
Like i already said.
one of my all time favorites that has been amplified and enhanced with great back-up singers and instrumentation that is just marvelous to listen to!
Who doesn't love Ken Burns' films on PBS?  
Fun little song for children.  
One of my favorite song of all times.
The mp3 version of the song sounds very good!
I absolutely LOVED Mazzy Stars "Fade Into You" when it first came out!!
Feel Good Inc is one of my favorite songs.
I love his version of this song.
This is a better version that does not have dialogue or applause in it.  
I first heard this song on the movie "Big Fat Liar".
I have been a BIG FAN of Chicago since I was in high school.
Wife heard this on The Vampire Diaries and feel in love with it.
but the sound came through as if there was no mic, song would have sounded better if you could understand the singer clearly.
I think this is my favorite song by John Mellencamp; it has a good beat; you can actually understand the words, and it is candy to my ears.
Good quality audio.
Yep, still my favorite.
We did not know how good these two were back then; we just loved to hear their sound.
I love to share it with my friends and family.  
Throwback jam
...the ultimate Shakira song!!  
The Isleys have always been one of my favorite R & B groups.
The combination is a big door prize.
Great addition to any classic rock playlist.
I have always loved this song.  
Great job to all involved!!!
It's just beautiful song and her voice is lovely.
I like the vocals and instrumental parts of this song.
Remarkable, wish I hadn't waited so long.  
You will be blessed.
I first heard this bombastic song in the early 1970's while on an extended work related stay in Australia.  
I love the song RUN TO YOU
This is a musty have classic Prince song to add to you MP3 catalog!!
Absolutely my favorite, mostly because of the memories it brings back.
Buy it!
I love billy Jean even without dancing.  
I purchased this song to listen to kick-start my Mondays.
Great music.
As many know, this classic pop/rock song Hungry Eyes by Eric Carmen has been connected with the classic Dirty Dancing movie (starring Jennifer Grey and the late Patrick Swayze).
Wonderful if you are working out or walking to get the heart rate up.
This is a beautiful song which reminds me of this fun dance movie with Patrick Swayze.  
I like the sound of this group.  
Sexy, absolutely!
ABC's General Hospital began using the song for their show in reference to the love between  the series' two biggest characters Luke & Laura.  
A great song that is one of the classics of Kansas.
I had to download this song.
My favorite !!!!
Give it a listen if you like the oldie moldy goldies.
This recording is the radio release and dynamics are on par with other popular Christmas recordings.
I bought this song because I record myself playing videogames.
BUT SONGS LIKE THIS LIFT ME UP WHEN I AM SAD

Add Chris Cornell doing Billie Jean and I guess that you have the triumvirate....
Good CD.
I still love listening to it.
kids picked this as their favorite Star Wars music
"Night Train" is a sleekly electronic jazz/funk jam while the dynamic ballad "Dust concludes the album.  
Remastered excellence!  
Having served in the Marines I've heard this done by bands all over the country and world.  
I was in love with it.
Recording quality is very good (even in mp3) and it sounds great on a hi-end sound system.  
I am what you don't understand
This is one of those songs that is just perfect to have a cup of Coffee or Hot Chocolate with OR just to start the day with.  
This is the most popular jazz recording of all time.
It's one of my old time favorites.
This song is a bit old fashioned, but it hits just the right cord between my boyfriend and I.
The song just makes me feel good.
So romantic.
I love the silky sound of Frankie Beverly and the solid sound Maze brings this harmony together seemlessly.
I enjoy buying single songs instead of albums.
Whats not to like with this song.
This is version (mix) suites me better than "US Version", which seems softer, or less edgy.
She is a great artist and I will always buy her cd's and music.
I can't say I loved every track, but it certainly held my interest.  
frankie valley & the four seasonsoh what a night great song, beenlistening to them for years & enjoy.
Love it and you will too.
A slice of relationship tension mixed with a love yearning and relationship mystery with a great melody and classic Cars sound.
I miss this group because they were great.
My Christmas season is not complete until I hear "12 pains of Christmas".  
Whatever made her write this song (or at the very least, sing it), I'm cool with!!4
This song is great and when it comes on, you can expect me to do a little shimmy.
This is the most amazing thing that has ever been done.
I was very pleased with this music down load purchase for my MP3 player and play it all the time.
This is my new make the kids go play in the other room song.
Good thing it is not vinyl.
WHO DOESN'T LIKE THIS SONG!
This is actually a great track and the best the band has ever done.
This is a Fantastic song that reminds me of days gone by.
This song is beautiful in its simplicity and powerful in its imagery.  
I remember listening to this song several years ago on the radio, and was moved by the power and beauty of it, and I'm glad to have it my collection now.
I love this song and this band, they do not have any songs out that I haven't enjoyed.
Sounds great in digital.
This is and has been, a piece of music that sends a message of compassion to everyone who takes the time to really listen to this song.
Dave Brubeck at his best with an articulating melody and accompanying clapping, which gives you the sound of country.  
one of the best artist ever.
One of the greats!

What more can be said of the music from the 60's thru mid 70"s - to me, this was the best era of song .....
Only after hearing some of it was I familiar.
This is a  `must-have' album for any real fan of Browne's music and for anyone just  interested in top-shelf folk-rock music by one of the seventies and  eighties greatest popular artists.
Who doesn't love this song (and subsequently thinks of their high school prom?
I'm glad to finally "own" the song and have placed it periodically throughout my playlist.
Sonny and Cher at their best.  
Great!
Very Haunting.
great song
Love this CD.
It was a great success!
Makes me love the song that much more.
I am not much of a fan of classical music - Except for this beautiful song.
I love music so I buy as much as I can afford as often as I can afford it.
You know I've seen a lot of what the world can do.
Would have been great to play at Chemistry class in high school.
This does have the charm to sooth the savage beast within, and will soon have you drifting through flights of fancy.
This song is upbeat and great to listen to.
Love the artists, music is a big passion of mine.
but I do still love this song.
I LOVE THIS SONG!  
I first heard the song "The Ball Game" back in the 80s when I bought a cassette of gospel songs and this was one of the songs on the lineup.
Whether you're a fan of classic rap jams or loved the way this track was slid into the movie 'The Wedding Singer', Rapper's Delight is a true classic that will definately liven up any gathering!
Great to listen to and good sounds and music.  
Probably my favorite track by this artist.
This one by Anne Murray is wonderful to me.
but they are a great band who has been together for many years.
What can you say about David Bowie that hasn't already been said a million times?
One of my favorite songs by prince.
great song by a great singer!
Peter, Paul, and Mary's song "Puff, the Magic Dragon" is a great easy folk song that several of us hear first when we're young.  
A gentle reminder that we are here because Jesus wants us to glorify his name in how we live our lives.
This has always been one of my favorite REM songs, but I only had an LP version.  
That is a good way to return the favor!
this is the man who actually wrote it.
I really like this song
I don't know any other song of Autograph, so I can't compare to there other songs but this one of the best hair metal songs of the 80's.
BRILLIANT MASTERPIECE.My Absolute Favorite Prince Song.
One of the best out there.
Song is awalys a hit for people to sing!
I like Billy Idol
Now as I create the video the song is really a very good one for any wedding service.
I especially like her voice
Can't rate this purchase exactly, but if there had been problems I am sure my daugher would have told me.
Great song that I love listening to often.
One of her best!
Excellent sound quality and depth.
a little dream island escape of island life.
I have loved to listen to Ricky Nelson ever since I was a teenager.  
It doesn't always turn out great for us, and this song reflects that.
You know it;s good.
Great Song
Heart wrenching.
It's an attempt at a barn-burner that wants to sound like Southern rock but fails to satisfy.  
ya this was a must have back in the bar fly days im glad that i remembered to add it to my collection
It's abstract art, coming from the mind of one of this era's greatest musicians.
It is a beautiful song.  
Love Enya's music, and wanted some on my Kindle.
Super Supertramp that's bloody well right!
This album is a necessity if you love instrumental music, especially the piano.
I would highly recommend this item to anyone who likes this kind of stuff!!!
It's old but always current!
Love how easy it is to purchase and download music on the website.  
Really good...
I love the Irish kick to this song; it makes you want to move to the music!
Definitely a downer.
I don't like writing negative reviews on this website anymore, but I'm sorry, this song is garbage, and I need to say something about it.
Not that they aren't of that caliber NOW.
I love this song!
Those are usually very pleasant memories, and since I eventually married my high school sweetheart, well, I'm always happy when I hear this tune.
best album he had...lots of great songs.  
A haunting song from a man who knew he was dying from heartbreak since June passed away.
Hips Don't Lie featuring Wyclef Jean is number one on my workout playlist.
It's really very good.
3 quality minutes for $0.99 what a deal.
Great voice.
I think everyone's made a mistake and needs "A Second Chance"--cold hearted wife Donna--never gave me a second chance --she should SEE the wealth we've amassed since her departure !!
Hauntingly fabulous!
My oldest was playing to this song...got hooked on the music, but had to look up the lyrics.
another great song from my past.even the kids of today love this type of music.
then, a lot of beautiful things are quite strange.
Talk of Metallica albums usually passes over "Ride the Lightning"; you hear how great "Master of Puppets" is, the transition that was "the black album" and general disgust at "St. Anger."
Met or exceeded my expectations.
This is a very funny and clean comedy album.
I know a local square dance caller who does it much, much better.
Brings back a lot of memories every time I listen....woulda coulda, as it were, but set to great music.
The Fixx demonstrated a tremendous talent with Reach the Beach.
One of my favorite songs.
I still love it, when my Love is gone.
I like it's good the whole song
Love this song, this is that old school, real love that only death and than again not even death could break.
All the tracks reflect a sound which is unique to Dwight Yoakam.  
Natalie Cole was the first to ever duet with a person who'd died.  
This, along with Redemption Day, are great examples of Cash at the end.
Come on move some part of your body to the beat wake that body up get the blood  pumping threw those vains if nothing else.
This is my favorite version of the song.
Always loved this song !
I liked the lyrics to this song, and the singing is excellent too.
One less bell to answer One less egg to fry One less man to pick up after I should be happy, but all I do is cry
I would always here this song in some movies and every time I would enjoy it!
Enjoyed and shared friends.
Cop this!
Listen and learn
Super jam!!
It's one of Christina Aguilera's best songs ever; just one listen proves it!
Great song!
I purchased this for our dance team
"Boink Off!"  
XOXOXO we still love you Whitney.  
Adina is a Scorpio just like me.
good song but did not purchase for myself.  
A beauty from his Princeness!
Great song.
Still not totally amazing, but still pretty good.
Love the old traditional Christmas carols!  
I love this song.
This a song by the Platters that is one of there best if not the best and is very dear to my heart.
Cartman's "Swiss Colony Beeflog" comes as a favorite to me.
It is nothing but classic Stevie Ray Vaughn
I love the oldies and for the price it's a great buy.
It is one of my favorite songs.
However, I really really like "Piano Man".
I've always liked this song and decided to download it onto my MP3 - glad I did.  
The song is great, like just being able to buy 1 song and not the whole CD.
song was clear and perfect...easy to download, great price, just another reason why we love amazon mp3.
This is not a great song by any stretch.  
Must have!
Very good song to listen to.
This is another great song by Savage Garden.
HIDE YOUR HEART!
Cool catchy tune..Cake still Rocks!.....:)-
Nonetheless, "Magic Man" by Heart is good for those who like any other songs by Heart and/or classic rock music.
VERY ENCOURAGING!!!
All the rolaz ( songs) are all good happy with the purchase it's stays playin on my Playlist repeat mode fosure
The album cover is great and the album themselves plays beautifully!  
3 1/2Effective sophomore continues expanding their countrified rock sonic's but is too short to afford the few underwhelming tracks I detected.
it's enough to keep in my main collection and for personal tastes it's going to be in my regular rotation say, in my car or on my mp3 player.  Would recommend if you know this artist.
The CD is very encouraging.
Who does not love Earth, Wind & Fire.  
Dude.
This song has so much feeling and just calms me throughout when I hear it.
I'll be listening to others and, if this is typical of their work, they'll have a new fan.
Avant and the original!!
and she liked it.
This song builds to hard hitting guitar finish.
I wasn't a Journey fan, however, this album is a pleasant surprise.
I have always enjoyed this quirky song and am glad to have it on my  Ipod to listen whenever I want.
Its a nice ride if ya like Dylan.  
Thanks!
It is versatile, programmable, intuitive, and extremely easy to use.
I have this and a few bigger ones....great fit/finish/quality....
Most people do not know that you should clean your dvd after a few hours of playing or burning DVD's.
They would have damaged good however.  
all good.  
It certainly gets the job done, and the images are as good as what I've gotten with my 35mm SLR, if not better.  
And did not fall apart like a Hoya I had bought.
Great quality product, I truly did not anticipate the thickness and feel this product offers.
This headset is old like mathusalem.
Nice colors.
Wanted to replace original router but found that the software version of this router did not have the QOS option that I wanted.
Any photographer who has the money to purchase a lens with a professional 67mm filter size can afford better than this uncoated Tiffen filter.
Item was legit, all name brands were there.
Love it.
Small and thin with lust enough space for the 15 inch computer a a few thin files...
These worked out great.
The cable length is a little short for anything but standing next to the camera so I purchased 2.5mm extension cables from an internet retailer.  
Love this, I've ben using the wired version for a few years now.  
Great labels that are made for the machine.
The cable is nice and long.
Tiffen never fails.
The tools are good quality and the case doesn't feel cheaply made at all.
This macro is certainly one of them.
Second the sound quality is AMAZING!
This handheld is very compact,  easy to use, and came with all the necessary components to get started.
very dissappointed.
I bought this cable anyway.  
I just care about the built in DHCP server and firewall.
I love the wireless control.
Great price.  
Simply put the filter does its job by protecting my lens.
Not hard to accomplish.
Ordered two of them.
I bought this filter because it had good reviews, and It broke during a flight, I didn't even have the time to test it.
good value for the $
Great brand, great price, great deal.
so I'm happy
The bass on these is *incredible*.
I seems to be exactly what we wanted and meets all of needs so far so good.
But this is nevertheless a decent item to have if you have some Canon flashes and want to experiment with wireless flash set ups.
Good enough for one cable.  
Won't be buying this brand again.  
Every lens I own is protected by a Tiffen
They are good for the price.
- they just seem way too thin and flimsy.
It was exactly as described.
THEN you listen to one of the best set of headphones ever.
Ive put over 800 miles on my bike since i installed this mount.
the cleaning tip takes out the smudges well and the retractable brush is gentle enough on your lens.this tool is a must have for all photographers and this product is doing great considering its price.
Still we have other headphones (more cost but not better sound) these are one of the best: very clean and detailed sound, flat wave (but outstanding bass), and really comfortable.
Great item.
Good for listening without blocking ambient sounds, like for jogging.
Didnt notice any loss of image quality because of this.
Super handy to have around the house.
Perhaps some of the other reviewers work in more noisy areas than me.
Some customers have  said that this camera eats batteries like crazy.
but it held up great under water.
This was the best for the price and 1420 joules w/ $10k insurance.
I know that it is my fault and that I am an idiot, but I wanted to let you know so you don't do the same thing!
This bag seems durable, the elastic top keeps stuff from flying out, and the easy dump bottom makes dumping it in the dumpster easy.  
The sound on these rank above all of the others and the price is great!
I was expecting the images taken at a distance to be a bit fuzzy around the edges but have been pleasantly surprised.  
Lens still takes great pictures with this filter on.
All in all though, I hate to sound cliche: but this really is one of the best headphones for the price.
I listen to them at the office every day for up to 8 hours and they are brilliant.
This filter fit easily on my camera and adjusts very easily also.  
Best headphones i ever bought!
As cheap as it was, I threw it away, and bought one locally.
It still has juice!!
Product works ok
This is a great product for connecting a switch and a router or modem.
Great quality, would recommend to anyone!
The adapter it comes with also makes it easy to plug into a computer and transfer files to the phone.
Mainly used to protect lenses from scratches, dust.
They are relatively large, closed ear cup headphones, but fold up and store easily in a provided bag.
I'm very happy with it.  
Definite difference if you are using an HDTV the DVD picture is much clearer, only wondering if HDMI is even better?
Very nice and all I need to do is when I listen to my music is there.
Plug it in, turns on, turns off, no charge.
i was expecting better from anker.
Zippers breaking off.
Surprise, they work great!  
They do not work, I plugged them into my ps/2 ports on MB and plugged in my USB mouse and keyboard and neither of them worked.
WORKS GREAT ON WHITE FILE TABS.
I love my Koss Portapros.  
Its faster than usb readers(max 12mbps) and of course really more faster than cable connection from the device(1.2mbps), the speed limit its the speed of you're CF card(more than 12x its great).
Amazon has better book lights in the $15 or $20 range.
I can't wait to start the second book in this series.
A very nice filter.  
Well worth the money, perfect size, better than I expected.
It's a bag, you put stuff in it and carry it around, but not a cat, that would be cruel.
My toy binoculars from kindergarten were far more usable than this piece of junk.
and yes my old is 2 foot I measured it.
These Koss ear buds with the form fitting foam work great for me.
used to run camera system in wall and it works great.  
It's a good little unit.
Awesome product.
They sound great and very light.
Network cable, seems well made, and works...Priced reasonably, and far less hassle that making your own, I would purchase these again if needed.
Waste of money.
Serves as a good extension cord for length-challenged headphones, etc.
you should not use a camera with out a LENS protector like this....
It's an easy install, but now I'll have to super glue it to the windshield.  
They fit my (slightly larger than average) head comfortably for hours on end, and deliver incredible sound.
This stays on my 85mm F1.8 lens at all times, protecting it, and allowing me to be ready to shoot instantly, without messing with (or losing) a lens cap.
I like the subtle warmth it gives.
This is the way to go from a 15 inch laptop screen to a 32" monitor/flat screen.
The black letters contrast with the green backround well enough to be easily seen in fair to good light.
No problems.
IT works great.  
There are 13 reports of injuries, including smoke inhalation and contact burns from touching the overheated surge protectors."See
I purchased this unit for my home network about 2 years agoand it is still working great!
The four star rating is due to the unit's easy setup.
yes, please and thank you... this cable, like all amazon products, is absolutely perfect
Tiffin filters are well made using quality glass.
Nada.  
Wiorks good for Me, and just the right size.
Pulls in Short Wave signal sufficiently to hear for some frequencies that radio's own antenna seem unable to pull in.
Great fit.
It worked just fine.
I mostly use this in hotel rooms and it's been nice having the short cable.
The sound is phenomenal...
Ignoring the quality of the casing, the machine is still rated a good buy based on its solid performance.
I use it to run to my router and keep my family happy haha thank you for selling this item to me
Good protection for my 50mm lens.
and it is easy to put on.
there's like almost 1000 reviews at the time of writing this.  
I do use this a lot since it gives me the freedom to wander about a bit without being tethered so tightly
This Vivitar flash is a good product with a not so great manual.
Perfect for holding the WiFi hostage from my roommates until they pay their bill BWAHAHAA
IBM got this right
And yes its for digital piano.
Avoid buying this cable, the cheap price is not worth the headache.
Cheap filter that does not distort images
She listens to her Bible on the CD player.
Looks to be great quality.
Nothing but cheap.
it is fast, reliable, and affordable.
The sound is decent but not top notch but for the price you can't expect that.  
Haven't shot too much with it but so far so good.
They come with a soft carry case that has a belt strap, and my only complaint would be the thin twine that's used as a "neck strap" - I can see that breaking pretty easily.
Then you need a T-RING that fits your specific 35mm SLR removeable-lens camera.
Plugged into speakers - works great.
Comfortable to read with and the neck flexes to where ever I need it to go.
it helps me record all those NY Mets games!)Renee (Rivki) SilverbergAuthor of Understanding Children and Families with Autism Spectrum Disorders
I like that it is keyed rather than a combination lock.
To judge by the reviews posted here, this happens far more often than it should.  
Good noise reduction, good mic pickup, comfortable for 4 hrs/day use, and relatively inexpensive.  
have been able to take great zoom shots on my eos 7d even though it is not an is lens.
Shipped promptly, as ordered and a good price.
Would not recommend to anyone.
Fast shipping at a great price.
I would not recommend.
Positives:Super comfortableGood quality audioNegative:
Very good!
Great product.
I have purchased many switches and have found the Netgear ones such as this 8 port to be very dependable.  
I'm pretty new to using an SLR (did I get that right?
To get the most out of your camera, this is well worth the investment.
They are small, light, and deliver surprisingly good sound for the size.
So, I'm pretty disappointed.
Works great for me and I didn't mind paying a few extra bucks for a Canon product.  
Nice weight also.
Works just fine, as expected.
This is not a BAD lens, don't get me wrong.  
Great product and service was great!!
The bass is amazing in these, but the overall soundstage is stuffy.
Fantastic sound for a ridiculously cheap price.  
Love this little Koss and highly recommend it.
excellent turntable.  
Bought this to protect a fairly expensive ($900+) Nikon lens.  
Price is very attractive.
I bought this CFC for my PDA and now I have the posibility to carry as much documents, music, photographs, etc as I want.
I needed a way to access some old data I stored many years ago and this was a perfect solution.
I use this stacked with my variable ND filter when I need it a bit darker in a range where my variable tends to get a bit noisy and IQ becomes a concern.
I put the tape into my label printer, and it works fine.
and I still like this headset.
Very good headphones, not quite as good as the originals you remember.  
There is so much written that it makes no sense to write this filter is excellent.
After losing many, many stuff (almost every year), I learned to trust Tripp Lite and APC only.
What can i say yes i still use my vcr an these tapes work .
When I used this on nametags, it wasn't quite clear; it was kind of frosty looking.
I would prefer a plastic squeeze clip like that found on many cell phones, or on industrial walkie talkies.
I purchased this volume control simply to give my headphones an extension cord.  
It's great!
The Vikings 128 mb flashcard is great.  
I do like the feel of the filter and having an inside thread allows me to keep the filter on the lens with a lens cover attached.

Have been any better for it's price if you know what your doing you can get amazing shots with it
Cheap and fast
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sigma-24-70mm-f-2-8-IF-EX-DG-HSM-AF-Standard-Zoom-Lens-for-Sony-Digital-SLR-Cameras/dp/B001NEK2RI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sigma 24-70mm f/2.8 IF EX DG HSM AF Standard Zoom Lens for Sony Digital SLR Cameras</a>&nbsp;both the lens and the filter make for excellent pictures!
Turns out the only difference is the rapcap is white plastic spray painted pretty while the mini mic is either white or black plastic.
This cable works.  
The sound quality is a solid 5 stars.  
I had to get a cheaper solution, and since the imported workers were being deported left and right, I resorted to this gadget.
But when these batteries are at full strength, they are pretty good and reliable.  
Haven't been to a play yet where I plan to use these, so I haven't had a lot of opportunity to test them, but I love the size.
I returned and got cheaper in-ear phones, because the sound is much much better.
Very fast....
Quality at a good price.
Very easy to install, plugged the switch box power cord in, ran a short cat 5e Ethernet cable from the router to the switch box (doesn't matter which port on the switch box you plug this connector cable into, I had to purchase the short cat 5e cable separately, to connect the router to the switch box, the length of this cable depends on the distance between your router and switch box), as my router ports were full, had to unplug one cable from the router and plugged it into the switch box, so you loose 1 port on your router, and finally, inserted another long Ethernet cable from my Samsung player box attached to the TV, to the Switch box.  
All in all we were pretty disappointed with the pictures and would not buy again.
Very good product for the cost of the film.  
I am going to have to get a stronger filter.
I have to say that for the price, this is a very good unit, and depending on how you intend to use it, this can be a great purchase.  
Love Koss!
No good to be used on a GoPro using SRP BlurFix3+ 55, terrible vignetting effect.
Thinner than expected.  
This works well and the price is right.
I like it and understand the cord has to be long because it was made that way i just wish there was someway to shorten it
The quality of the GlowLight when used was spectacular, the features where easy to use.  
This camera is a workhorse.
Decent optics .
Great optics, excellent magnification,clear.
For [the money] this thing is a great piece ofequipment, and if I didn't think so I wouldn't have two-count`em, two-of them in my house already.
But if it's production quality you're looking for, better go to some more expensive models.
I've not taken any pics yet so I'll have to pass on the rest.
OK.. PURCHASED FOR PRIVATE PRACTICE ON KEYBOARD.
This product does what it is supposed to do.  
Modestly priced and absolutely essential for computer repair.
So go patch cables (yay).
Linksys made it all  SOOOO easy.
I do like the fact that when I pump the volume on these no one else can hear my music it has a great seal on your ears.
perfect size and quality seems good.
If you have audio equipment that doesn't have a volume control...for some odd reason, then this does the trick to fix that problem.
I like these.  
Fit was bad.
Pretty nice.
It turn out to be fine.  
Is ok for a cheap barlow, beware the narrow field of view when using though.
The set is comfortable, and the cups insulates noises well (not to compare to noise-canceling headphones).  
Frankly, most of the time this is not a problem.
It can be used however I have to use gaffer's tape on the one side so that it makes good contact with the hot shoe on the camera.  
as advertised.
Nice, well built bag.
Had a cobra cb
very good quality with enough pockets and seperators to keep all you need at a monents grasp.
Polarized lenses take your photography to another level.
very good adhesive, worked great for my coaxial cable.
Use this in my dorm room to allow multiple connections to run from one internet port, works great on the Xbox 360, PC, and multiple laptops with no latency (slowing).
Reception is fine for both.  
One of the best pair of earphones ever!
Overall, a superb value for bikers, hikers and  small boaters.
I love this changer, it does everything I want it to do.
Most of the humor is hackneyed film noir banter, but it's still entertaining.
Don't waste your money on this garbage.
I've had this player for six months and it was great, sound, quality and picture were all super and then one day it just stopped dead.
Thank you Tiffen, for always creating affordable, high-quality filters and products.
This is an ok product.
Easy to use.
Great lens to play with for VERY little money, and a real GEM at f11.
Absolutely phenomenal quality and performances.
It's very well made of sturdy materials, has adequate padding to protect everything, and has very good zippers and hooks.
These are a perfect set of computer headphones.
I like it.  
These are good headphones for the price.  
I've owned several LED book lights, and the HammerHead is, by far, the best...
Works fine, won't notice any difference if you spend a lot more for a fancy brand name.
HIGH QUALITY SOUND excellent product, meet all my requirement but not cheap product but it worth the price.
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.
The ear pads flaked off completely, but I don't care.
Amazing quality for the price.
Tight click.
The USB connector that sends out the signal is too big and in the way.
I've had this cable lock for over 3 years using it almost daily, and I've never had any problems with the combination.
I have listened to dozens of head phones in my 60 years.
They are by far the best headphones I have ever used.
Recommend to all.
Superb Binocular, I really like it!
They work and sound well enough for the price but the headband catches even on my short hair; practically shaved.
And it arrived a day or so before I expected it!It just does not get any better than that.
The longest I got was about four seconds.
Ended up installing on my Windows 7 machine just fine.
Its a pretty standard cable and it works just fine.
They're not perfect.
Amazing headphone value.  
I use this bag for my external light, camera and two lenses not counting the extra batteries and two wall chargers that all fit nicely.
feels nice and secure.
IMO, this cable is 5 stars.
Just what I was looking for.
I was disappointed in the quality of the individual tools.  
Overall, these are very good sounding headphones for a reasonable price.
Great for car use since it is thin.
Not the best charger I have ever used but not the worst.  
I use this every week to separate the signal from my laptop to the video projector and the video monitor for when I am speaking (to see what is on the screen behind me).
When the new UV lens protector came, I spun it on and like wise for the lens hood.
I recommend it.
just wish the price was lower
Good clear view, easy to focus, I think they're great for the price.
These binoculars are a little larger than I expected, but man they work GREAT!!!
Its thin and not the best quality, but it works great.
I picked up a pair for $15!
Of course, invest in a good antenna, more important than cb itself
It seems like a good sturdy bag; I just didn't use it very long.
5-10 feet is the only usable range.
I love these babies.  
These cartriges are well build and the tape dispenses smoothly they are a littl;e prices but it does a good job.
Cheaply designed and made.
Works as advertised.
I have purchased and used two with the Hero Black 4 and so far they have worked fine.
Very comfortable.  
No big deal.
The cleaner did feel kind of cheap and flimsy, which I would prefer a sturdy casing, but that's just a minor complaint.
Wink wink.
this multi zone switch is a solid, easy to set up, easy to use switch.
Works geat!!!!!
That good price for noise cancelling headphones, isn't so great for only 5 months.
Super fast shipping !!!
Items were as advertised...great quality...excellent ...A+++++++
This cd case is great.  
A perfect switch for my home network.
nice cable, consider 3.0, probably should be buying a 3.0 cable at this point
Thank You for something I needed.
The sound is good but the design has a flaw and that is  the connection between the line cord and the ear piece lose connectivity.
The idea that these are used as "UV filters" is outdated.  
They are zip ties.
i would have expected developer of the device spent more time on fine-tuning the text rendering on ebook reader.
and like it but was very disappointed with their CD-R.
If it fails before a year is up I will adjust my rating.
Did not work at all.
Cheap, good quality, and works flawlessly.
The digital music era was becoming the norm back then and these made CDs sound really good compared to other headphones that were available at the time.  
Excellent noise and surge suppression.  
Marvelous, right?It would be.
I'm happy with it because it is small and not a large bulky bag.
Great for overall protection of your lenses - but not multi-coated glass so pretty significant problem with ghosting and lens flare when shooting towards a light.
The unit seems sturdy and has held up great so far to the shower splashes.
Better buy a little tri-pod though.
Sound is great!
I knew that Olympus made excellent digital cameras, so I narrowed my search on their brand.  
Good enough price, nice ends, good sheathing.
They sound incredible, and are best for working out/walking with an iPod.  
Definitely worth the money.
Filter works as expected.
This Tiffen filter seems just as good as more expensive ones from hi-falutin' manufacturers.
Works as promised,
The performance of the lens is decent.  
I'm buying a pair of 6x binoculars.
I bought this unit so my wife
I bought this device for long shutter speed shots.  
Great Radio, but buttons are not lit and channel changing buttons are in weird location.
This device blocks the RFI coming from our Proform treadmill very well.
This mouse is by far the best mouse I have ever used.
Works quite well for playing my iTunes computer, iPod, and iPhone through my stereo system
But any book with horror as a major factor needs to show emotion, and lots of it.
Convenient to order online and the battery was just what I needed.
Great headphones for the price.
I liked it.
If that's not great service, I dpn't know what is.
HOWEVER, they are the best-sounding portable headphones i've ever owned, period.  
If it worked, it would have been a good product.  
Super comfortable and the sound is far better than what I expected.  
My engineers love them.  
I compared the Canon 10x30 Image Stabilized Binoculars to my old Bushnell 10x50 Sportview.
By the reviews here I thought I'd be okay with the Tiffen.
NICE.  
The build quality is exceptional as well.
Works great!
Everyone that has seen it has commented on how good it looks in the truck, and how it looks like standard equipment.
I especially try to buy little gadgets like this on Amazon for the price.  
Sturdy and clear.
They were still great headphones and I thought I couldn't find anything much better for the price
The EF 100mm Macro is a terrific lens, both mechanically and optically, This is the third version I have purchased having sold this lens twice before to finance other lenses.
Not very good quality wiring inside sleeve very thin very brittle easy to break .
Love the quality and the price!
Good value!
Enjoy using the filter during sunny days.
They kept popping off which was annoying.
and it's working just fine
As for sound- great highs, and not bad lows- all around goodness.
This is drugstore quality.
works good in the car when the wifey talks to me while I am on the bike as long as she is close enough.
For simply 'this looks cool' - blue is great though.
Regular Velcro ties are more functional than these.
From the start had to fiddle with plug to get good sound.
The end that connects to my laptop broke inside, so I will never hear the sound again, until I replace my laptop
Very well built and great length too.  
I have white trim and these white tubes were great for hiding cords from my toddler.
It works
Works with my Pentax *ist Ds.
Well written, but the story feels tired and the characters simplistic.
This was very good for my needs, but I did listen to the line and it was noisy when using some outlets.  
If you're an exec who keeps good care of things, then maybe these are for you (although you can then afford better).  
My lens is a 28-300 vr fx
I was skeptical about ordering it because the ratings weren't great, but short of buying a new Nook or replacing it with a Kindle,  it was the best short-term option.  
Great addition to the kit.
Very solid equipment.  
Product fit my machine as disclosed in the description.  
For $15, by far the best choice for portable applications, particularly when there's a moderate level of ambient noise.  
Great price for these high quality optics - amazingly clear, rocket fast to focus, rubber coating makes them easy to hold, but I prefer using the tripod adapter.
that's broken.....
Final verdict, I will consider getting another one to replace this but only if I can't find one with a better warranty plan for about the same price.
Polaroid 600 film along with the Polaroid 600 camera is the least time consuming way to preserve with fine quality those pictures that mean a lot to you.
fully satisfied
Beater than beats
I flat our love these units, something about the rugged, metal, square box feels rock-solid ...looking inside reveals the ultra-high quality board.
Replaced very quickly with a very good pair.
Look at the price.
Have had gobs of radios over the years with much MUCH better station pulling capacity.  
I am not a professional photographer but fact that results are being appreciated makes me feel good.
my granddaughter is just old enough (7) to enjoy shopping for herself.
My son has been considering a Kindle reader.
Love it!
What's not to like?
Love it!!
My BIL loves Starbucks.  
Thank you AMC!
Perfect for my little friend!
Great, lightning fast shipping, thank you as always!
They are the perfect gift!!!
Thank you!....
No activation charge, just regular $25 gift card.
Glad that Amazon actually had a Real Christmas themed card.
Grabbing a gift card as a Lighting Deal for $5 off is a great deal!
Such a cute idea and my niece loved it.
A great gift idea for a crafter
Love all the gift cards on Amazon!
Always have a few on hand for last minute birthday gifts
Gift cards are always the perfect go to gift for me for last minute or the person I need to gift so and don't know too well
Pizza.
Cute way to give gift cards.
I like how it is a well made full size Christmas card.
Always a great gift to give and receive
Love the service , food and store...one of a kind dining old fashioned)

Love to eat traditional breakfast at Steak and Shake!
E-mail delivery gift cards take the waiting out of gift card purchases; I love them.
My niece loved this birthday greeting/gift card.
I ordered this tin so I could add an additional gift card.  
We frequently pick one up for lunch or dinner.  
Perfect and I even used Amazon Points - was mailed right out.
I guess if you want to excite kids and give yourself extra work, then this is the perfect gift!
This was a good gift for college student, father of college student, my daughter who loves getting gift cards.  
Will reorder these next year.  
Great job!
LOL!Who wouldn't love an Amazon gift card???!!!  
The perfect card for a family.  
They are gift cards.
it was a great deal!
This item worked as expected
Great gift card for those crafty people on your list.
ez x-mas shopping
Card worked great for online ordering ahead.
MY BEAUTIFUL DAUGHTER WILL BE HAPPY WITH IT, WAS A LITTLE LATE CHRISTMAS PRESENT.....
Good deal and lots of boxes to choose from.
It's a $50 JCP gift card that I purchased on a lightning deal for $40.
One of her favorite places to shop!GOD BLESS!
Too bad you can only buy 1 card at the special price.
Grandkids like these as a gift from grandma like on Halloween, Birthday, Christmas etc. Makes me feel good inside too.when they are happy.
Nice gift for family members and friends who like Olive Garden.  
Like it quite well and am holding it for a special time.  
You can never go wrong with a gift card for a place they go...
If you don't want to use the gift card yourself, they are ideal for re-gifting!
A great card for something I enjoy and I registered it for great discounts and deals.
Great way to shop for gift cards.
Got here quickly and worked
Really liked that it was delivered FAST via email...
Don't like the tin - it looks tacky!
This card is perfect for the in-laws to use on there mornings out or on the way to see family at the coast.
It's a gift card..it was fine!
Discounted Panda Express?
It is what it says it is, a gift card to Starbucks.
Holiday wish list item.  Loved by receiver
And the gift cards are always appreciated.  
cookies, the best a dozen at a time
They work
Great gift idea for those who are picky to shop for love gift cards so easy.
My daughter loves Claire's and they have such great deals, this will be a fun birthday present!
Great gift for my friend!
As you can see, it's very cute.
What could be better than a IHOP Gift Card.
I found this gift to be thoughtful and smart.
I love their food for convenient lunch and quick dinner.
Love to get this gift card for relatives and friends.  
What's not to love?
I ordered a bunch of gift cards and when the people went to use them, they found they didn't have anything on them.

fun design and always welcome content!
This gift box is very attractive for the gift card.  
Got picky people on my shopping list.
I order AMC cards for my grandson who lives in Manhattan..
Classy way to give a gift card.
We love gift cards.
I love Burger King.
Cute little box.  
Great christmas gift
Men are hard to buy for, but this gift card covers all the bases since there are unlimited choices offered by Amazon for which it can be redeemed.
Always great when you don't have to pay money
What could go wrong with an amazon gift card
Good deal without a trip to the store.
The gift card and outside of the tin get 5 stars on this.  
Be careful and check the balance immediately after receiving the card so you don't wait in a long line at the theater only to be told your gift card has a $0.00 balance.

Subway offers variety which fits into his diet.
One card did not have any value to it

Decent delivery speed and everyone loves panera
Love the selection of tins available and everyone can choose their own gift - without leaving home.
I try to keep gift cards on hand just because they are special!!!
No complaints here!
I like the Santa pants tin it comes in and there is no extra charge.
Perfect for giving a graduation gift card!
:) I know, it's a super easy purchase.
These were perfect Christmas gifts for the grandkids.
These are great for TIMES OF NEED donations!
Super festive pop up Christmas theme.
Got on deal of the day for $17
What can I say, everyone likes getting gift cards to Amazon and I like it when you can adjust the loaded price to fit odd numbers.
how can you go wrong?
The bread options are nice, I like the italian herb personally.
Recommend !
Makes everyone happy.
Love this little restaurant and try to visit when ever possible.  
got it on time, easy to use
We like to eat healthy and the 3 pack gift cards let me spread the healthy eating option with my family a bit easier.
You need to have these double checked before shipping!
Its her favorite store to buy jeans.
Perfect for gifting!
Great gift idea
Nice give and great seller.
Great idea to inclose gift card in free cute container.
It is wrapped so cute.
Had a great time, good food
$50 is $50.  
Great gift, couldn't be easier!
called to make sure $ was on card upon arrival, so far so good.
For the record, my card worked, no paper cut, and the design was perfect!
Who can go wrong with a food gift card?  Will be given as gifts.
The recipient(s) were/are please with this.
Light packaging makes for easy shipping
What a smart choice!
He should review movies, all his friends contact him, to see if the movies was worth going to.  
Something for everyone.  
Nothing else really to be said.
Its a gift card
Used this as a thank you for a young lady who did some errands for me.  
Nice Box with Gift Card.
Overall this gift card would make a great gift for anyone since their are  a ton of locations everywhere and it is very affordable.
no need to explain!

Made the gift card special.
Prefect gift when you don't know what to get.  
This is a great way to give gifts that others can use in a moment of need.
This little boxed gift card is such a handy stocking stuffer, and I don't even have to wrap it.  
The receiver loved it.
Grandkids love the little tin cans that Amazon sells their gift cards in.
Discounted and we love O'Charleys!
Great Christmas gift for anyone - even my Tween Grand-daughter
I love these gift cards.
Perfect gift to give someone so they can buy alittle treat for themselves thru amazon.
Prefect gift for my daughter.
Dont like extra fee.
Can't beat an Amazon gift card for any occasion
If a gift card has the balance you purchased, I guess it gets five stars!
Love Cap D's
I bought this for Christmas and my brother reported that it worked as expected
It's a great country food type of place to eat.
Worked just fine at the concession.
And who doesn't love a movie?  
You gotta love good soup and sandwich around Christmas holiday.
Always a great meal and these e-cards are 'da bomb!
This is so cute for presentation of an Amazon card!!!
Date night on us!!
Excellent way to give a gift to someone that lets them select exactly what they want.
It's a good place for snack before a movie start but there's no much meal to eat for dinner.
its' a gift card what can you say?
The card is difficult to check the balance - the # is absurdly long (unlike all the other GCs I've bought recently).
Hmm not sure how to comment for gift cards, except to say that I love being able to order online, it ships securely and easy to me, and I don't have to wait in line at a store.
Excellent gift.
Really like and enjoy these egift cards!
PERFECT stocking-stuffer gifts!
Great way to pay for your purchases at Panera
Subway cards is a great place to eat Amazon is a great place to shop
He enjoys Subway and their selections are better than most fast food outlets.
Who does not like a sub or a wrap or a salad?
Great gift for the stylish preteen

I love iTunes
Love having the gift card.
Everyone seems to enjoy Wendy's for a nice surprise pick me up gift.
Gave sets of 60.00 to nieces and nephews who have children - good family outing.  
(( IT WORKS!!! ))  just got card and FUNDS I PAID FORE BETTER
Also Garlic a Fries may have played a role in doing so.
Great gift, when you cannot think of what to get someone but you know them enough to know where they dine.
Gift cards are always the perfect last minute gift, especially if you need to gift to someone you don't know too well
The card arrived as described and helped out on a quick meal on an unexpected trip.
Thanks very happyGonna get a good leaf blowerA really loud one
A much healthier option to give to kids who are away at college.
I Love outback they have so many great options and the bloomin onion is the best appetizer there is.
Great for a gift
Very nice!  
It's a gift card.
Great gift idea when you are not sure of the recipients tastes!
Good Xmas gift
Purchased for a gift, excellent thanx
Always usefull.
I love and appreciate what Amazon did to make gift card-gifting more fun and interesting.
What can you say it's a gift card - Shipping was fast.
Pretty good!
Santa tins - really cute - no wrapping necessary and the kids can use the tins after
Will order these as gifts again next year.
Great value for only 18.50
Gift Card works fine.
As seen, nice packaging.
It's a gift card.
The box for the gift card is so very pretty.  
Great and easy gift
Much better than a plain gift card in an envelope.
with all the gift cards I purchased at Amazon we all can enjoy Starbucks drinks thanks amazon for coming on time!
Love em!
Thank you!
Was ordered as a gift, they where very happy with item.
GREAT!
Bought as a gift!
Love to have amazon cards.
Attractive gift tin.
What's to review.  
I took a screen shot of card with my cell phone and cropped it to size to use just like a regular plastic gift card.  
great pizza so good
Um, I am not sure why I have to write a review as it is a gift card.
Papa John's is their favorite.
We love Olive Garden, and I particularly love Olive Garden for lunch during the work week.  
you actually want a review on a gift card?!?!?!
Nice gift packaging for any event
Perfect!
My teenaged granddaughter loved it.
Got it quickly.
nice christmas theme on the box.

Gift cards are a great go-to gift for me when I am not really sure what the person likes.
Quality packaging
GAVE IT TO A FRIEND, I GUESS HE BOUGHT
thanks, son will love it
Love it
The metal container is better-looking than I expected, making the not-so-exciting giving of gift cards as a gift more exciting.
Worked great and had no problems using it.
I bought this item for a Christmas present last year and my brother who I got it for said it worked just fine, I would recommend this seller if you need to get a regal gift card
Worth every penny!
Perfect gift!Took the family out to eat!
Wings are amazing
This $25 gift card to Ruby Tuesday worked perfectly!
Awesome tin with a gift card.  
right near me and love their products
I love AMC.  
The tin is about 5" x 4.5" x 1", and has a clear window at the bottom so you can see the gift card inside.
It's a gift card purchased on amazon.  
Good gift.
GLAD TO HAVE IT MAILED TO ME.
Very happy.
Great cards.
Highly Recommended,  Super CUTE!
I love getting these as gifts, so far everyone I've given them to likes them.
Best pizza
IT WAS FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTER, SHE LOVED
Nice presentation for a teenager...not too flashy or grown up.
LOVE this bear!
Came on time, and exactly as described.
Great gift, when you cannot think of what to get someone but you know them enough to know where they dine.
A Gift Card is always a great gift, especially when you know what the person like's to do.
I love that you can pick you own amount to load on as well.
When you don't have any idea of a specific gift, these gift cards are perfect.  
works as intended
it's gift card....
This is a nice gc holder/display
Who won't love a gift?
gift and loved it
I buy my son one of these gift cards to DSW every year, as he will keep his shoes until there are no soles left.
This even after the payments I'll end up making is far better than freezing or being hungry.
It's a gift card.
Buy the needy a TURKEY DINNER for the holidays!THESE are great for "surprise" gifts to the less-fortunate...
BJs is there favorite restaurant!  
The metal Santa it come in is a nice touch and it is free.
Love the chicken here
thanks, grandkids will love it
Just like a mini shipping box.
Easily used
Bells jingle, love how the card is tucked inside
came as expected
Very glad that I did, despite the reviews.
Much better than a plain gift card in an envelope.
i got this for my daughter she loved it!
Very Happy!
Cool Bear.
Exactly what I was looking for!
GREAT.
I am sure they liked it.
Another great gift.
These Amazon cards with the packaging are perfect for gifts.
We all love Starbucks.
She loved it and it was great.  
I ordered a bunch of gift cards and when the people went to use them, they found they didn't have anything on them.
Bought this for my father (an avid Amazon.com user) and I am sure he used it within a few days.
Caffeine my #1 bestie
Perfect gift.  
This is the best thing for them as they can go to movies with friends/ date or whatever ...
Always love Amazon gift cards as gifts and would recommend to anyone as a gift- you could never go wrong!
But I would have liked it to come in a tin.
Works as advertised
It's all good!
I bought an Olive Garden card today for a family member.
We love these Amazon Gift card boxes.
Best coffee ever
Very nice and easy gift to a woman.
This is the best card holder yet!
The tomato and broccoli and cheese soup are our favorites.  
I love email card, as I can use them asap.  
Which in itself is a solid.
very classy, always welcome contents :)
was gift
And they don't have to fight the crowds or cold, snowy weather.
Always a wonderful gift.  
Not many here in Atlanta
Like to order my Amazon gift cards so I can choose from the different varieties compared to buying in stores.
Gave this to my son for Christmas, he loved it !
Its a gift card, very easy to use and nothing to worry about unless you lose it.
Love it.
This is about the cutest thing I've ever seen.  
Good gift card, it came loaded and ready to spend!
Great gift card to use shopping for affordable cloths at JCPenny.
Just didn't  know  it was for a girl  gift card, and I was  looking  around  Christmas tree  gifts  cards and type  in right  it was for a boy
This is the best card for those who like to eat wigs and watch sports on the big screen.
What a great price when I got it on lightning deal.  
They love movies and don't get out as often as they would like.
I love Cracker Barrel and it's alwy a good and cheap meal.  
It arrived fast and worked when I went to use it.
gift for my 4 year old nephew..loves I hop..so his my and dad will take him...easy gift to shop for.....
My friend LOVED my"thoughtfulness"...
The amazon giftcard is something you can give anyone with an internet connection
So glad Amazon carried these gift cards.
MAKES A GOOD HOLDER FOR ALL GIFT CARDS.  

Great Gift to my Niece, she very happy with this for she is vegetarian and they have lots of veggies to pick from for her sandwich
I like the fact a gift card let's the  birthday person spend it the way they'd like to.
Easy gift that I knew recipient would love.
Always a perfect gift for the Amazon fan.
a cool way to package a gift card (especially for young men, though I'm sure females would like it, too!)
We love Maggiano's and Macaroni Grill.  
The picture makes it look as if it is a deep, rich wine color.  
Red lobster is a great restaurant!
I have used these for several years and it is a very classy way to give a gift card!  
Good selection of restaurant gift cards to choose from.
you actually want a review on a gift card?!?!?!
Perfect!
Easy Christmas shopping.
Can never go wrong with an Amazon gift card for that person who shops Amazon.
I have themLike to buy cards before I travel
Great gift
I purchased this gift card along with a restaurant gift card for my sister's birthday.  
Not much to say, gift card is as good as cash!
No activation charge, just regular $25 gift card.
This was very convenient and easy to use.
It's a gift card so not much to say!
The food there was really good.
Gift card just as expected
Used two cards, four of us ate, for $40.00.  
Another xmas gift that can't go wrong.
but I have read enough gift card reviews that we are basically taking a CHANCE on these things and that's not freaking kool
Great Buy.
Box and ribbon very good quality.  
Great gift
So glad Amazon offers this gift card!!
she is just a kid, but can feel like a "big shot" treating her family to lunch sometime!
The box is very nice n I am giving it as a gift
The person I gave the gift card to loved the little Amazon box it comes in.
Thanks!
Always a perfect gift.
They love the Amazon cards.
Easy to set up.

she fixated on the"cute little box" with a gift that will keep on giving.

What a perfect gift to give to relatives or friends.
nothing fancy or too much too say.
Great item .fast shipping too
How great it is to have a Starbucks Card so we can zip into Starbucks and get a coffee and sometimes a little sweet treat to get our mornings started off right.....
It looks horrible.
Simple to use, no need to worry about cash, great gift idea and does the job for anyone that is hard to buy for.
Great gift for friends, family, co- workers.
Haven't used the card yet, but we really like the food at Applebee's.
This is a great gift for our teenage niece.  
Gift card for a gift.

Easy to use, no need to carry cash, swipe and go, what else can be said really.
Gift....they loved it!
This was a Christmas gift hit!
Excellent $25 gift card for Whole Foods.
Always a perfect gift for my son.
Came instantly!
FAST AND EFFECTIVE
How do I love thee, Oh, Logan's delicious Steak!
Great deal during the holidays when you can get it for $40 You can upload the $25 movie gift card to Samsung Pay but you will not be able to upload the $25 chilis card so you will have to carry it with you when you go there.
love the item.
$50 dollar give card what else can be said we used it at there higher end steakhouse Felmings
Worked great when I used it.
This is for my husband to use for lunches when he really needs to get out of the office for a break.
We love deals!
easy to use
Was a gift.

The recipient was/is pleased.
I bought this thinking it might be an okay cheap option for making cold-brew iced tea.
I love this tea!  
THIS TEA IS DELICIOUS AND RELAXING.
Very Cherry Jelly Bellies - cool!
Great taste and nice light kernels!
well my 11 year old son loves it, but I think it has a terrible aftertaste.
However, when I put it in coffee - not so good.  
Nice mellow tea
This is the best decaf tea I've ever had.
Thankfully I found this at Bevmo too for only 11.99 this price would kill me lol
Love using this product for many dishes from gravies to stir fry to soups.....anything you cook.  
Good hot or cold, I prefer hot tea all year but have used a tea bag in with the Typhoo black tea to make iced tea.
So much better was the Pasta Roni Shells and Cheddar!!  
Absolutely perfect...
My favorite quick lunch/supper!
Love this little thing!
I just wanted green-tea with no added flavors; This had a fruity flavor added.
Two great natural germ and virus killers.
I probably will never buy regular black pepper again.
Not quite like candy but too sweet for what it is.  
I really thought I would love this salt;  I really tried to love this salt:  I am just not a big fan of this salt.  
We are vegans and we live outside the US, so it is great to be able to find this product on Amazon.  
It's the classic Lipton flavor.
I'm sure saccharine is better tasting than this stuff!
I love natures hollow.  
Easy to brew and great taste with a little caffeine kick
Cooking, using for decorative scents, using for art projects.  
I've also heard it's good drizzled over vanilla ice cream, but haven't tried that yet.
This is our favorite tea.
Great taste and strong concentration so you use just a little.  Have purchased also their beef and chicken bouillon.  
Xylitol is banned in most countries in Europe.  
this is a flavorful, quick, healthy, vegan lunch.
Love this product!!!
There is no smokiness to the flavor which I'm glad.
Great sugar sub, however, I just learned that it comes from corn.  
Love this ginger!  
While I haven't been drinking it consistently enough to see if it has helped my recovery periods I do know that it tastes great and has a lot of green tea in it.  
These sprinkles are shiny and what I was looking for.
It makes perfect homemade cashew mayonnaise - just the right consistency.  
This green tea has a strong lemongrass scent and flavor which makes it really refreshing and a great pick-me-up.
Good tasting product
Perfect with homemade soup in the winter.
best gum.
Our kids love it, and it's so much more healthy for them than drinking sugary soft drinks.
He's such a nice son-in-law.  
But this Green Team Blueberry Slim Life flavor was THE BEST!
This is our second 15 lb bag.  
NICE TASTE AND SOFT FRESH CHEW!
I love Sans Mousse Mix, but I wish they used a natural sweetener, nevertheless I highly recommend this and all her flavors.
Terrible bitter taste, smells good tho
I am Chinese American and have drunk tea all my life at home and at restaurants; this is my favorite.
Love this stuff!
Chocolate shouldn't taste this good because I had a hard time stopping with this treat :)
The hottest of the mixes in this collection is the Blackened Redfish Magic.  
Organic and full bodied
NUFF SAID, ITS GOOD
That said, it's fine salt.
Since it came they have been dropping like crazy.
I'm honestly glad I only bought on box of it, and not the 6 pack that is sold on Amazon as I doubt it would have ever gotten used.
I'm giving this item 2 stars because the flavor was fine; though one child said it tasted "like vitamins", I think he meant the good fruit-tasting vitamins.
So good.
These are the good-tasting ones, too, not those chalky nasty ones that came about at one point.
Not enough flavor.
This makes the best and easiest garlic toast!
Rich, full flavor, quality tea at a very good price.
You can use this stuff for many things.
This has the bit of crunch that adds so much to otherwise rather dull foods (great on baked potatoes and pasta).  
Decorates well
I love these as a quick hot snack after gardening on the weekend in winter.
Adds nice flavor to coffee.
Gave these to our daughter at Christmas as it was on her wish list.  
Really taste the Chai
absolutely assume .this tea is great
Excellent popcorn!
I SAUTE ONION, ADD A DASH OF POWDERED GARLIC, CHOPPED CHIVES AND A SPLASH OF WORCESTERSHIRE SAUCE.
Worked great for my royal icing mix to make Christmas sugar cookies.  
I like having these little things around.
My husband said it tastes fishy and doesn't like it.
I use this syrup only for making cherry-glazed baby back ribs and they are the best ribs I have ever made and the best I have ever tasted.
My favorite chili mix but difficult to find locally now.  
This is one of my favorite hot sauces.  
Add to seltzer, mix & match...so good!
I bought this product for a friend who is undergoing chemo.
Very useful for making low-carb bread, and the price for this quantity is much much better than buying the small bags.
Love this salt and after it raised my body ph to 7 and decreased my bp, I bought a 25 pound bag.
hotttttttt, whew
Also, it can be hard to get enough fiber in your diet every day so I like the fact that these have 3 grams of fiber per package.
Good price, shipping was on time.  
So disappointed!
We really like it much better than Bigelow.  
This is my favorite green tea.
The taste is salty - but fresh...nothing like table salt.  
Holy Hickory Smoke Batman!I mean, I like it and all, but the smoky flavor is just a tad overwhelming.  
i really need to encorporate it into my daily diet.
I love it as advertised
These are good.
I love this soup and I am down with a lingering virus.
This is not green tea.
So glad to find this online.. product is exactly as described.  
With a nice price and automatic refill for two young children?
Perugina 'baci ''''''''finest Italian  'chocolates are delicious and make a nice gift around the holidays.or just buy them because you like them.
I use warm water to better mix the powder and this works great on my skin.
The benefits of echinacea are many.  
As my German grandfather used to say "Puts hair on your chest"  however my German Grandma said it "Took the hair off her chest".
It is easy, but I would suggest going on line to learn how to boil Greek coffee.
The taste isn't great, but it's non-offensive; I can sip it and get it all down.
I drink two cups of Twinings English Breakfast Tea at least two times a day.
The aromatic spices will wake up all your senses.
The hot sauce is a little thick and chunky.  
I was so surprised at what a beautiful, hardy tree it was.
The focus for this seems to be pizza, but have found it adds great taste to other dishes like spaghetti and lasagna too.
The hubs loves these, so I buy them.
Bought it for my sister her Birthday is coming up.  
Always use fresh if possible.
Order from overseas local brands.
Can't find this cereal in stores so was glad to be able to get on line.
Very smooth and tasty
Well,I havnt had to open the food yet,& hope I never have to,but it's great to know that if that emergency does ever happen,I'll know the item will be fresh..I love the long shelf life!!
Best Medium Flavored Tea you will ever drink
I also use Yogi Green tea with it and sometimes peppermint to blend all the best flavors together.
A rich aroma during the grind, and a flavor that is so much better than anything you'll get from a plastic jar for a couple bucks.
3 cup a day keeps my son's eczema in check - I really notice a difference if he misses a few days!
This is the greatest stuff!
This lemon and pepper arrived with a fresh long lasting date and delivery is just as good as it is on the shelf.
Her favorite (and mine) was the Twinings Earl Grey tea.
This is pure barley malt.
While this is more natural, don't get confused into thinking this is good for you.
Consistent flavor with every box.
Great buy for a large family but overkill for an old single like me.  
Best tea ever..
So glad to have it on Amazon!
The quality is super, too.  
I use one pod for a "double" serving (the button with the 2 cups), which is (I know) not the recommended way, but I still seem to get good results.
Love this stuff mixed with regular tea, That way we don't have to add sugar.
I baked a cake for my son's third birthday with a buttercream frosting, which, as we all know, often comes out yellow thanks to the butter.
I actually like this a lot, and it is nice to have something on hand for those rushed lunches or dinners!
I love this as ice Tea, not so much as hot tea.  
Spaghetti with Meat Sauce is one of my favorite flavors.
Enjoy to scent and flavor of other cold brewed products so I tried the Peach flavor.  
They tell me it tastes really good and it isn't too overly sweet.
Has a bitter taste.
Be prepared.
I love this tea.  
Very nice!
It is also one of my husband's favorite.  
My favorite use for powdered eggs is in batters and doughs that the family would like to taste.
I have purchased these vanilla beans from here many times and they have always been high quality and perfect!!
Yogi Bedtime Herbal Tea is the perfect bedtime tea.  
If you like Ritz crackers, these are for you.  
It is a must for perfect cakes.
packageing was not that great, some were leaking.
Ehh..  its really strong flavor but not alot of tea taste..
IT IS LIKE EXTRACT OF SALT.  
Like I said - these Pasta Sides are the greatest!  
Tastes fresh and as I put it, not dusty, like I find Lipton tea to be.  
Cinnamon tea is a favorite at my house.
I love malt flavor with ice cream.
I will continue to buy it.
Sour and sweet, nice little snack.
Like broccoli or opera, one either loves or hates it.  
Funky smell...
My favorite cookies at a good price
The taste of this is really bad and has a cloying aftertaste.  
Though I enjoyed it a couple of times.
I bought it to replace the sugar for the benefits it supposedly has, but the truth is that it tastes like soap!
Good value!
Highly fragrant and the taste is strong.
These graham crackers are my favorite snack now.
I do not like the flavor nor did it help for its intended use.
But, I thought the broth needed more chicken flavor it was kinda of bland.
Very drinkable and best of all organic!
Very easy to use and has awesome flavor.
I temporarily held off on a reorder because it gets used fairly quick.
Very happy to have found it here as it's sometimes hard to find at health food stores.
These are a dieters best friend...
I pretty much drank it all the time and actually enjoyed the taste.
This was a gift for a friend who adores strong coffee.
I use  these in soups ,stews, even homemade bread.
The flavor is very hard to describe, but it is enjoyable and much better than Redbull and on par with some of the Monster flavors.
This Creole Garlic Butter rice tasted like... nothing.
but I like the much less expensive Salada better
Bread rises well and yeast lasts a long time in the fridge.
You can DEFINITELY taste the sweet coconut in this tea!
It is tasty, but I won't buy it again because it contains high-fructose corn syrup, which I avoid.
Every bowl feels healthy.  
The candies are tasty, and well liked at my office.
gum was a good buy It was on sale I like to keep some gum around most times I'll order it again
This is Earl Grey tea at its finest but better!
Love Cayenne and use it frequently in my dry rubs for cooking.  
I will not go back to regular oats!
It is great to have a healthy and tasty oil to cook and bake with that is actually good for you.
My husband loves licorice and especially this product, which he says is very flavorful.
Most of the ingredients are organic.
I feel better taking this cocktail than when I don't take it.
Love nutritional yeast a/k/a nooch with DIY popcorn.  
My son is 18 and still loves Annie's.
It provides great protein at a low calorie count.
Best throat care remedy around.
Best British tea in the world.
As a hot sauce fanatic, I have tried a good number of hot sauces - Dave's Ultimate Insanity, Crazy Uncle Jester's, etc.  
I don't really have a comment about the taste of the tea, since it was not at all what I wanted.
But if I need a quick meal, these are a good base.
Wish  that  the  bag was bigger.
Twinings is my favorite brand of tea.
I love the flavor and the aroma that this tea has.
So far, I have only found 2 nuts that were bad and I am half way through the second 5 pound bag.  
I  let it seep it together with green tea ( strong, I know) and love the way the flavors compliment each other.
Always love Maldon Salt, and this was no exception, but the store / shipper beat the living daylights out of it getting it to me.
My omni husband also likes them a lot.
My family might mock me, but I like this stuff for making "craparoni & cheese" for myself.
Tastes like moth balls and mold!  
Would love to see an organic version.
Good deal.
It's a good vegan alternative for recipes that call for cheese or a cheese flavor.
It "cleans up" my digestive track.
I primarily drink green tea, but a combination of both green and black teas with peach/cucumber overtones sounded like something I'd really enjoy.  
Great pepper.
Great product, great price.
Good stuff.
love the smoothness and quality!
It's a tasty rice pasta blend and I'd recommend it definitely as a quick side or for a main course!
Works great with my breads.
Another friend uses sugar and loves it like that.
I bought this as a gift for my mother; who was ordered to go off soda by her doctor.
I like flavorful, but not spicy.
I love chocolate.
I usually use 2 bags to brew a cup of decaf; your taste buds may be better at subtle flavors than mine are.
I like strong good flavour & this hits the spot.
This is a great black tea.
This syrup has a great vanilla flavor.
got it and ate them all.
I just let them sit in cold water and I feel much better.
Makes good tasting Molasses cookies.  
They were a big hit.  
The ingredients looked great, but the taste was just bland.
I start my morning with a cup of this tea every day.  
I trust this brand and the great quality has never let me down.
I am very picky when it comes to things like pizza, pasta, salsa, anything with tomatoes.
The little fork that they come with is really a great idea too!
Excellent vendor, product as described.  
It's a great solid chai.  
Found it to be a good alternative, and similar in taste, to the Good Earth Sweet and Spicy Caffeine Free variety, which seems lately to have had both a packaging change and a price increases at least via Amazon.
This is really good pepper and I am just about ready to purchase another bag.  
It's just ok.  
Excellent in home baked goods, rich vanilla flavor and love the vanilla bean specks.
good deal, much higher in local stores
These are my favorite shortbread cookies!
I have tried it with several recipes and it works well.
Soooo good!
These have a nice flavor.
This is my 1st experience with chicory root and it is winning me over...
Since it's McCormick you know it's good stuff.
Love this soup!
Pumpkin pie spice.  
Best tasting Honey my husband and I ever had.
Best Raw Honey Ever-
This tea is wonderful!
It is mot cheap, but it is good and worth the price.  
I did not even get to taste them but he wants me to get some more.
Good for your circulation.
don't buy///
THE BEST Frrrozen Hot choclate EVER!
As promised
These heavy boxes crushed my tea ...
Also, a good tea to help with digestive issues and a sore throat.
My brother loves this candy!
So we do salad and a Progresso 2x a week.
Since I found this brand I have really begun to appreciate the flavor and benefits of REAL SALT!
The spices make this actually taste very sweet (but not overly sweet).
4.5 stars actually.  
It's also lower in calories than other powders.
great candies - not too sweet  - may favorite flavor gummies
I absolutely love this tea.  
These are great to keep in the cabinet for a quick, delicious dinner remedy.
Bought this because the Better than Bouillon Chicken Base was delicious.
I love this salt, and go through a lot of it (and I do not have high blood pressure as a result).
Good value for a great nutty-vanilla taste.
We drink it iced or hot.  
Really good stuff.  
Recommend mixing them a little dryer than recommended for scrambling.
Great tasting flavors from GJ K-cups...the Butter Toffee is another flavor which I enjoy; seems I'm the only one in the family which does like flavored coffees...
First of all, I will give dimensions...
Great buy.
It's fast and delicious.  
I'm not sure which is best the gluten or the dough enhancer.  
These rate amoung the best jams and preserves I've tried.
i love knorr sides.i have tried ALL flavors (rice and pasta).this flavor i wanted to try but was veryyy hard to find in stores
If you like pre-ground coffee, this is a good one.  
I personally found the cherry flavor to be a little overwhelming but I am sure others will like it.
Fit nicely in my pantry, and these bars are consistent favorites in my household.
These sugar cubes are perfect for my high tea luncheons, I can't find the Domino brand locally
Really good tasting.
good enough for me, and I am picky
I chose the 4 star rating because this is a nice warm beverage once you are used to it.
Love it, it helps curb my chips craving.  
I may even use this in flavoring some rice.
This product is FAR lower in sodium than bread crumbs or cracker crumbs so it suits the needs just fine.
It is not so strong as other teas and has a smooth flavor.  
I love this snack.
Its OK for Chinese mustard, but not very hot.
I LOVE that I don't have to waste half a can of tomato paste when all I need is a few tablespoons.
Culinary grade lavender isn't that easy to find.
Nice  Good when you just want to have a small stick once in awhile, without paying the high cost of just one stick.
Four stars because it's only 79 cents at CVS.
I don't know what to say other than I love Clearbrook Farm products.  
I also will use one flavored tea with a plain green tea in a large mug if I don't want quite so much and that helps me use up the green tea I bought a large quantity of (supposed to be so healthy, but is not my favorite taste by itself).
I like the flavor but am concerned about the salt.
This is a great tea for those times when the bloating gets too much
This is the same creamer that I buy in tubs but in pocket size that I can bring with me to a restaurant.
And delicious to boot!
Super-convenient.
Oh...
Very glad I can get the old burn back -- I might just start carrying this jar whenever I go out for Asian cuisine, since it's too good to just use on leftovers.
Spicy, smoky, with a bite.  
My little guy marvels at how nicely sweet it is even without adding honey.
My dentist is loving it.
Lovely things like arsenic and nicotinic acid)  
works OK
I just wish the jar was bigger.
Im a great believer in natural medicine.
I mix it with other flavors, but it is good on it's own.  
Fantastic on just about anything that could use finishing salt.
Great price.
It pops nicely and has a nice traditional popcorn flavor.
What can i say great PRICE and GREAT product.
Worked great but unfortunately gave her - and through her, the baby - really bad gas pains!  
I bought this item because of all the great reviews.  
I make Chili and need chili powder, this is the best.
Great for shave ice for our Super Bowl party.  
For a Wasabi-Like product, it is very good with sushi.
Judging by the stellar reviews of their product, they made a smart business decision.
Makes a marvelous bean dip.
When you use water, that's really the only way to tell if something is truly good.
This is an ongoing order for me - I like that the bottle is plastic and easy to lift.
It tasted like water with something having dripped in it.
It is exactly what I needed for peppermint chocolate pudding and peppermint hot chocolates.
This coconut water is nice and straight forward.  
It's really good
Quick, easy to make, and tasty.
Always buy Skippy brand....best tasting available.
One more thing: Thus spice is in a glass jar and closes up well to lock in the marvelous flavor.
These are still very good.
this tea while a bit pricey, is excellent.
She said she wanted her banana bread to taste like bananas, so she was really glad I was able to get this for her.
Good but estrange flavor for my taste.
I usually brew two bags in one cup, which is recommended on the package for overall health and fatigue relief.
Kudos to Twinings for coming up with a wonderful tea.
The squeeze bottle is best for containing and using Lyle's.  
I love the taste of tbe tea and scent of the steam!
My favorite green tea flavor & hard to find elsewhere!
This is a staple of mine for making quick tomato-based soups.
I love this ground flaxseed- add it easily to any recipe actually to anything- love it!!
I tastes great.
It has a light taste which is fine for cooking.
Echinacea is also amazing to boost white blood cell counts!
Never going to know for sure how good this product is.
Excellent, but small.
Fits good.
Overall, I like it
Love this!  
Low oxalate in my home...this tea fits the bill - look it up / and look up oxalate.... hard to find a tea but this is it.
i normally slice habaneros and add them to my food when i want something supremely spicy.
Product is great.....price is way to much!!
yummmm rice krispy treats!!
Utilizing this "good" gum to clean my teeth after eating.
I LOVE Swedish Fish.
I love the taste of this tea and love even more that it's almost "instant."
These are nice, they add a little shimmer.
This tea is not for me.
I love unsweetened ice tea.
Clean and very aromatic when ground, highly recommend
We only needed one box for a costume but it was more cost effective to buy the box of 24 boxes.
Dark, rich, and perfect.
Good blend of flavor.
This is an excellent blend for winter to stave off colds.
This popcorn is just ok.  
I would not normally pay this much for tea, but it is some of the best chai I've ever had.
great chewing gum to share with others.
I sprinkled it on top and it looked really great.  
works perfectly with torani syrup bottles.
It all really comes down to preference, but as long as you have a good heat tolerance, this one delivers that and great flavor too.
But shop around!  
was pleasently surprised how much i use it for after purchasing it the first time and have continued purchasing it since then and will continue to do so.
Very good pepper!
I use it in tea and for some recipes.
Things can be low/no sugar (like Carnation Instant Breakfast sugar free chocolate) and still be very yummy!
Tastes great.
I want a nice Darjeeling Tea I can count on for my primary daytime beverage, and this tea is it.
My first purchase, these were the 32 oz jars and I received the 16 oz jars in this shipment.

A great taste.
I always keep this on hand during the "off-basil" growing season.
I won second place in my church's chili cook off using this mix and my own recipe.
Not only does this tea taste fantastic I feel like it cleanses my whole body.
Love it on winter days, and I am sure will love it as ice tea in the summer.
Great side when you don't have time or feel like doing too much, and you can't beat the price.
Awfully vinegary flavor, some zip, but the flavor is just hideous.
I really like this flavor.
My fault for not paying closer attention, I suppose.
We love our Senseo Coffee pot.  
High quality tool.
Mine shattered at the blade after it fell on floor.  
The worst thing is that after using a few times, the place where the handle attaches to the bowl developed a crack.
Love it!  
It is a very very good quality.  
So far so good.
One reviewer said works great if you know the tricks.
Noisy and can heat up a room.
I like the stainless steel cutter.
This attachment makes it so easy for me to have lemon juice, orange juice and grapefruit juice.  
Cute little Martini picks, carefully made with tiny realistic little green olives!  
Easy pour and absolutely love the handle and grip!!
I love the concept, and would recommend.
These bowls are great for mixing, serving and chilling.  
Perfect hand grater for garlic or other small items, very ergonomical and easy to use.
It's easy to use & works every time.  
After getting it and using it I am happy to say that the durability is fine for the job.
Very handy and easy to clean.
Rinse and reuse, get great espresso with espresso grind coffee (Cafe Bustelo is my fave brand).
Heavy construction.  
Well, the cutting itself works pretty well.
This knife represent value, Quality at a reasonable cost with a LifetimeGuarantee.
A great friend of mine and gravity when I cook and need things flatten in the pan.
My husband prefers Orville Redenbacher that we buy in large jugs at Costco.
this popper makes great popcorn and it is kind of fun being able to see it popping
Best purchase I have ever made!
This is a small brush but works great!
Love the silicone on my pans - washes well in dishwasher - definitely worth the purchase.  
My new favorite use for it is rinsing quinoa!  
It makes great french fries and is a helpful onion cutter.
It is easy to clean too.  
Thing is  we love it so we keep replacing them!
Cleans nice and works great.
So much better than the thin plastic or tin ones I used to have.
the handle is very comfortable.
I am a teacher and use this at school.
Always the best.
I wish I'd bought this long ago.
This pitcher is a beautiful color and very functional.
I found another brand that is built much better and is more cost effective.
It is well made and plain.
Does a realy great job sharpening all kinds of knives.
Best Manufacturers Flat Roux/Gravy Whip 12-inch  Can't make good gravy without this.  
Opening cans is actually fun with this thing.
It then gets used like an aerosol spray can to dispense the olive oil.
I like the OXO handle, but the two piece design is a draw-back.
My bread came out like a professional made it, and although I have some experience baking bread, I'm no pro.
This makes perfect coffee, every time.
This metal is thin and cheap.
My kids love it a lot.  
I love it!
The best I have ever used.  
This is such a great replacement for buying Pam all the time.
Cheaper than buying olive oil spray and better for the environment.
These are heavy pitchers, make no mistake about that, but that is one of the things I like about them.  
OXO mixing bowls.  
This bowl is awesome.
I love that they come out of the dishwasher spotless.
This product is so easy to use and convenient when you crave a taco salad.
but they're quite robust and the best thing I've found.  
Works as described and easy to use.
These are great containers.
I am always measuring something or filling the water pitcher .
As a stand alone, it works, but as a supplementary kit to one (or more-- these kits are addictive) of the larger kits, it has a lot to offer.words included: a (2)alwaysamanandanythingareasbebelievebetterbringbutdaydodo itedencourageerfeelfindforfriendgivegoodhappenhaveheheartI (2)iningisitlaughlaughterlikelovelovingmake itmemyofononeorourpositivesshesmartsmilestrengthstrongsucceedsupporttakethethe besttotodayuswewishwithyouyou areyou canyou
Just as expected, couldn't be a better transaction!
Great for my Dr. Pepper Owls!
It's a "must have" for any cook who prepares food with oil at moderate to high temperatures or simply cooks hamburgers!My Amazon books about money:
I like that they are dishwasher safe and the blades being stainless steel will never rust.
It's your basic peeler but it works very well.  
We use these in my daughter's Planetbox Rover lunchbox to divide up the medium-size compartments.
It peels nicel.
Oxo products always look sharp and function efficiently.
I am very happy with my rice cooker.
These stainless steel measuring spoons beat plastic ones down to the ground.  
Thank you for carrying this item.
I always use Nordic Ware bakeware.
Easy to clean just lovely set.
I'd definitely advise purchasing a good set of stainless steel measuring spoons instead.
Quickly became my favorite coffee maker, unless I'm in a huge hurry.
Love these for our martinis.  
This is a very nice piece, good quality and well worth the price.
Very useful when measuring liquid!
I bought these for my husband along with Dirty Sue Olive Juice and Dirty Sue Olives.
Looks good and fits 2 loaves of bread.
I exchanged the original 4 quart bowl for this 5 quart bowl, and am very glad I did.  
Nothing special about it, except that it is great quality - the spoons don't come off the ring, the embossed measuring marks remain easy to read, and they keep looking great after almost a year of use.
I don't think this fan works well unless you put it in a window sill or up on another surface to actually get the air flowing.  
This is a good size for medium sized meals!
perfect size, good quality construction, and brews loose leaf tea well.
The juice can then be stored in the refrigerator until needed.
Brews quickly, loose tea stays separated from the liquid, and it seals great to prevent leaks.
It's nice to get more value out of the mixer, too, does a great job overall.
Great offset spatula
Love it!
There is a bit of understanding needed with the dimensions though.  
Great knives.  
Love using my misto!
Recommend it to anyone interested in purchasing a Salad Spinner.
works as expected, highly recommended.
The quality was not as good as I expected, but it works great.
Best salad spinner Ive ever used!  
I borrowed my neighbor's stoneware bundt pan and liked the way it worked.  
Now I can cook over my boyfriends apartment.
It's a winner for me.
but I am able to tell that it is a good quality and will be great for our RV oven.  
Also the size is great for small to medium salads.
two year old reviews) or the mfg is lying about it's capabilities.
Knife is cheap made and dull
So glad I decided on these.
It's the one kitchen item you didn't know you needed and will love.  
This falls into my simple is better line of products along with other Oxo items that we use.  
I still need to strain the tea leaves.
Had for over a year.
These fit my 6 quart lift bowl perfectly, it's nice to be able to cover up the bowl when I need to put it in the fridge or if I need to set something out on the counter for a while.
They're the absolute BEST EVER!!!  
I bought this along with my Breville Pizza Crisper pan.  
Makes our life much easier because our kids love apples.
Perfect fit, quality product.
Very sharp and comfortable in my hand.
I would like a thinner version of a floor brush.
Beautiful.
This pizza cutter is perfect for thick pizza as well as thin pizza.
A bit too flexible for my use but great for flippin' fried eggs, etc.
Good quality, boils water perfectly, doesn't burn the water because it shuts off automatically.
but now I am glad I do now
I like OXO brand, most of my kitchen utensils are OXO
Very good product.  
Sister in law was very happy to receive this but more so her husband who is usually the one that helps with meal prep including shredding the cheese.
A must have at a great price.
I'd like to have these pans in the Kaiser La Form line!
I've always loved these peelers.
A press pot does seems to do a better job of opening up the aromatics and flavor of high-end coffee.
Exactly as advertised, nice storage system for the blades
The cleaning element works better than expected but one still has to scrape out the last bits when cleaning.
i have been looking for a product like this for some time.but what I got sure was not what i was hoping for.you have to use very small potatoes to make fries but that isn't so bad what is bad is we use sweet potatoes to make fries with and it will not cut them, it will not cut carrots the only thing it will really cut well is zucchini  this thing was a big disapointment but i do use a lot of zucchini so it has it place in the kitchen.
Worth extra couple of bucks versus a cheap cutter
Great product & awesome price.  
It IS, like everything else Cuisinart, very well designed and will not be unattractive sitting on your kitchen shelf.
The product that i received has plastic ends which means i must be careful when grilling.
Daughter loves the gift.
The fit of this coat is excellent, however it does not hold up to puppy playfulness at the dog park.
I mostly use corn tortillas and I like them even better than regular store-bought shells.
I love this product and it works great for me.
The first one still works great but has been relegated to dirty dirt jobs.  
I have since ordered a similar product made of food grade stainless steel.
The best grilling tongs I've found.  
Don't Know if It's Supposed to B Like That.
Loved the old Mighty Mite, this one is even better.
Quality to last a lifetime & beyond!
Have not used it yet, but it looks great, and I am sure I will be happy with it.
Great whisk!  
Love it - works great - durable and nice grip!
I didn't realise it was so tiny, but it is great!
Makes moving trash cans around very easy
Saves money, no doubt.
We haven't experienced the problems that others have mentioned in other reviews.  
I have OXO utensils at my house and love the quality, form and function so I decided to stick with the same brand for my fifth wheel while on the road.  
these fully seal the bowl.
It worked fine, but cleaning it is a pain.  
Very annoying.
I really like this product.  
This stainless pair is also easier to clean than our nylon version, so I actually prefer to use it in the kitchen now too.
They work.
Our only BIG disappointment is that the motor is no longer made in the USA.  
They don't make them heavy duty like my 1992 model.
Good quality.
A great addition to subtracting from our bathroom.  
I do not like writing negative reviews but in this case, Waring deserves one.  
Better than any other bundt pan I've tried!
It IS a good quality.  
Nordic Ware quality in a nostalgic, classic shape.
Bialetti's moka pot is well made too, and has simple instructions.
The Bialetti does the job and the coffee it produces is good, but I find that for some reason, though I follow the instructions on the Bialetti website carefully, it takes forever for the coffee to perk.  
Great measuring spoons.
Very nice product.  
A good American apple pie, with stars and strips.
Its a great little puzzle that is fun and entertaining for all ages and I highly recommend it, simple, classic, fun and entertaining.
Nice upgrade, wife likes it, works well, no rust thus far.
Otherwise good.
Really easy.
Likes:-Dishwasher safe: This takes up a lot of room in my dishwasher, but oh well.
Exactly what I needed, and the quality is good, well made.
Other than that, nice design.
Works like a charm and easy to hold
This has actually saved me from needing to buy a bigger mixer for cake making purposes.
Want my money back.
This spatula is very comfortable to use, and a great mid-size that works for most whisking jobs.  
We love these knives!
you get what you pay for.
Nice looking, well-made as are all OXO products.
The cups are attached to an oval ring by open hooks that are easy to detach and reattach after use.  
The first one that I received did not work.  
We recently moved to an apartment, so I need to save space wherever I can and this helps me do just that!
I bought this as a gift and it is serving its purpose cleaning up a small apartment with 2 furry cats and minimal storage space.
So glad I bought it.  
I'm keeping these only because it's such a pain to return them and we only use salad tongs a few times a year.  Were this something we used frequently would definitely return.
Very easy to use, cuts through Apple with ease, even for seniors.
They work well and are easy to clean.
Shark makes good vacuums but that particular one was too small to be useful, and the Mighty Mite fills the bill.
Even my eight year old granddaughter can open cans with it.  
I had to send this back.  
Works perfectly.  
Americans want s*** so dirt cheap these days.
These spoons fit in my spice jars (except for the Tablespoon)!  
Best peeler period.  
I bought this for my wife to decorate cakes but there was not a lot of materials in the kit.
I broke the countdown function on my old wall oven clock, thus I got this item.
They did not leak which was great.
This is the perfect pasta drying rack!
Pretty, too.
The craftsmanship is excellent and the design ensures comfortable use.
Works very well for shredding cheddar cheese for tacos, salads, casseroles, etc.
"This is really nice."  
I pressure cook beans, root vegetables and other veggies all the time.
I also love to sprinkle nutritional yeast onto fresh popcorn... try it!
I love Cordy Roy animals.
Still a very reasonable price for these.
The coffee is noticeably better and fresher tasting and the grinder is very convenient to use.  
This one is easy to use and works without fail.
the disk itself is made well, as are all the Cuisinart accessories I've tried.
I now have two!
Little large in diameter for my pre 1980  cooker.
She loves it!
Makes terrible coffee...
this thing is dull as hell.
So far so good..but the material is plastic and looks pretty cheap...
Only thing that would be make it better would be a hook to hang it from.
This is the best grinder for fine grinding of spices.
It definitely has a use for opening most jars.
Excellent for the two of us and very light vs our larger stainless steel one.  
I have a deep and abiding love for OXO Good Grips items.  
A great gift for all ages.
I've only used it on pears and apples so far, but it's worked great.  
This is a great second bowl for my KitchenAid mixer.
This is a wonderful, simple to use pressure cooker.
It works great even after I accidentally backhanded it across the room.  
We had another OXO can opener previously, but this one is by far the downright best can opener we've ever owned.
I like this much better than a standard French whip when making pan sauces.  
There are other OXO tools I would love to have, but the handles are just way too long.
It doesn't taste good or even melt well.
We haven't used this stopper that long, but it fit fine and works fine.
I like this set!
It would be better with an improved inflation valve that you do not have to squeeze when you are not actively inflating.
Nice lids for when I need to chill contents before I roll out or pick off sections for rolls, etc.  Saves me from using  plastic wrap (or whatever it's called) that never sticks anyway!  
Another great OXO product, they make the BEST handle!  
These are heavier than my dinnerware.  
item was dented when it arrived
It's easy to install, well formed, and throws ample light on things.  
I gave it 3 stars because it's easy to clean.
(When it gets off of back order.)  It looks good and sits out in the open on my counter next to my Cuisinart.
Works well but gets a lot hotter than our old Mighty Mite...
We LOVE these!  
The Monster Cable surge protector is a great product.  
This whisk is the perfect size for the cooking I do.  
I like the sturdy bottom!
Still learning how to fully use it but it has worked great.  
much better than the jumble of blades in a basket (although that had its own kind of adventure vibe).  
Also like that the top push handle locks down for storing.
No complaints with the actual clips - everything is well designed.  
I think it is a good value for the price.
Used it to make an amazing coffee roaster called the "Turbo Crazy" It may do great with popcorn, but it definitely does great with coffee if you know how to modify it;)
It makes a great espresso style coffee and it couldn't be easier.
5 stars of course, for the service, the price as well as for the item itself.
After years of making a cheapo chef's knife do the best it could for me, and cutting myself one too many times because of its dullness and inability to be sharpened, I bought the best dependable chef's knife I could find.
This one was fine but didn't fit my unit.
The angle of the handle doesn't allow you to empty the ladle fully.  
Love this,  it's the right size for small and large hands.  
Needless to say, I highly recommend.....
I moved my mixer from the shelve to the counter top and have lemon aid and orange juice in seconds with easy cleanup and beats my juicers for ease of use and cleaning.
These fit the bowl of my KitchenAid mixer perfectly.
This is a piece of junk that fell apart after one use and went right back.
I collect the bits and then use a manual coffee grinder to mill the bits into a nice fairly fine powder.
I'm famous for leaving the kitchen to check on something and OOOPS returning to a smoky mess.  
Exactly as advertised.
Handle stays cool, too.
Whether you are using pototoes or any other veggies for fries, this is a great fit.
Seems to be a good product so far.
One scoop from it makes one cup of awesome regular coffee with this 6 cup espresso maker.
Oxo makes the most comfortable handles of any kitchen tool company.
Perfect!
I have one salad a day at least.
A little larger than what I expected.
I compared quality bread knives and Henckels stood out as being among the best and priced right.
ha ha haI love this tea holder!
I really like that I can mist olive oil on my indoor grill and baking dishes.  
The taste is so good I wish we had purchased this long ago.
Love this for corn on the cob!  
I love it so much that I bought another one for my mother in law!
The size is great, but the edges are very sharp and scratch everything they touch.
Easily washed or thrown into the dishwasher for cleaning.
Add-ins like cheese and herbs are fun too.
So much better than the one I got in 1970s with Green Stamps.  
This is my favorite whisk.
Just the right size to make Christmas cheesecakes
The original in my set went missing so eventually bought this one to replace it... as others have mentioned, it does feel lighter than the original twin (also when compared to the pairing knife which is smaller) but it's super sharp.
I give this only a 4 star rating because I have only started using this and I don't know over all how this will perform over time.
I've worked with Tupperware products before and know there is a trick to closing the lids but that didn't work on this set.
Makes PERFECT cookies.
The design is great and is very high quality.
Awesome bundt pan.... watch your cook times as this is darker pan and the cake bakes almost twice a fast as recommended times.
High quality product at a great price.
To clean it, pump hot soapy water and then pump clean water to rinse.
Better than Star*****!
Especially for egg dishes.
I love this thing a lot.
My mixer is older....I mean 25 years, at least.
I love that it comes with a blade protector, too.
Solid but significantly lighter than glass and easy to stir and pour with the big handle.
It's the best deal I found, with more tips, colors, etc, for the best price.
this is by far best place for this item, great deal thru amazon
I can't even get it to go 15' from my grills to my pool deck and picnic table.
They are durable and easy to use.  
It's a great price (even better if it's still part of the 4-for-3 deal), it holds enough veggies for our family meals and it's easy to clean.
Love it so much better than the bigger steam cooker I had.  
I love the growler but the main reason why I bought it was because it had a case that I could carry.
These covers fit my KitchenAid bowls perfectly.  
This stainless stell spoon rest looks nice and washes up great, even with stuck-on food.
Not for tiny people with no upper body strength at all.
Oxo has done a great job on another kitchen tool.  
This is my 3rd OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner.
My soon-to-be-ex wife took off with her kitchen tools and utensils leaving me to fend for myself.  
It's great to use if you want to avoid the unhealthy chemicals you get in the spray cans off the shelf.  
Too good not to make!  
Love the press and would recommend to all.
These bowls are the best!
But the Fagor is also good-looking, easier to use (and so works better,)heats as evenly and costs much less.
This is a great zester/grater.
I love my new vegetable brush.
We had some large ambrosia apples that it works terrific on!
best veggie brush I have had.
This salad spinner works great!  
"heavy feel"  not flimsy feel.
love it !
There Great..Price was also good!
I love the grippy handle, and it made relatively quick  work of 6 Sam's Club size blocks of cheese.
I love having something to keep my blades in.
The vacuum seemed to work fine at first.  
Love this pressure cooker and am confident using it.
Do your self a favor and pony up the cash, you will not be sorry.
Excellent value.
Teflon coated is fine and so is stainless steel.2)
I went through 8 sets before all were fine...
Keep it handy cuz you never know....worked graet
The blade is stainless steel, super sharp (Sharper than the OXO), the eye remover is fantastic, the handle is small and light aluminum.  
Nice stiff bristles; perfect for potatoes & any hard veggie.
If it's just right, this is the best way to get apple slices.
Very nice and nifty tea ball.
but for now I'm a happy camper.
I have used it several times and it is still is intact and doesn't seem to be getting any worse just feels as cheap as when I first bought it.
This is good.
I do not like it and quick frankly it is not worthy to carry the Henckel name.  
I use it everytime I make a bundt cake and have had great luck so far.  
Works great, easy set up, doesn't sound like a 747.
Crank it up to 3 and the really noisy fun starts.
Love it for storage of all the discs and blades, a must have.
My dad had this same rice cooker my entire life and we used it every day of my childhood.
I would certainly buy more Farberware.
This is a great juicer for its price, but not one I'd recommend otherwise.
GREAT can opener.  
Ribs, steak, chicken, pork chops...
It still works fine for me, just remember to replace the bag every once in a while (2-3 months for me, I don't use it much and have a small room only).
It's simply annoying and looks ugly.
Incredible.. just incredible- Period!
Great product.
I needed something for cakes and pies- this is a perfect size- not too long and not too short.
Perfect fit for my Artisan.
If I were to buy another one I wouldn't pick this brand or model due to the noise.
I bought a second one of these because it seemed like our first one was always already in use or in the dishwasher.  
Wanted this baker to make artisan style bread with a crisp crust.
Great tool to have.
And the fact that they are stamped with their size is the best.
I also wanted to get the whisk attachment, however, a reviewer on the whisk attachment mentions that it won't fit the newer machines.
I've been quite disappointed in the results.
This does cut an egg cleanly and sharply.
No more under or overcooked eggs.
Talk about value pricing!  
This consists of 3 small to medium sized bowls.  
Glad I bought two
The good news is I will drink less coffee during the day.  
The pour spout and big handle make it so easy for her to pour ingredients we have mixed right into the pan without making a mess.
This machine used to be awesome.
After a few years of use, the 9" feels like an extension of my hand.
I used it to bake a beautiful German Chocolate cake.  
So, we bought a new one - this big size holds a LOT, and keeps beverages HOT for hours.
Just like the last post, We had one of these for years.
Mom loves it!!
Good price.
Convenient around the neck timer.  
I'm not a professional chef by any stretch of the imagination, but I do understand the appreciate of quality kitchen tools for when I'm cooking at home.
I read high reviews on this and I agree with them.
Nothing but the best !!
I ordered this vacuum nearly a year ago and absolutely LOVE it.  
Coffee is good (but not as good as a French press) but it is a pain to clean, you have to clean the grinder lid, grinder/filter base, filter insert, and filter top each time you use the machine.  
I love this fan and may even buy another one
Perfect for the spot that it was needed for.  
Great suction, and it's lightweight
Very good for hardwood floors and low profil for under sofa and beds.
too heavy
We own this vacuum and it has performed wonderfully for several years.  
I bought this to strain my chicken and beef stocks, works wonderful without having to play around with cheesecloth.  
Well sealed and intact.
Makes moving the ladder around in the shed or on the job an easy one-hand/one-man job.
very costly that way but good quality.
To me, this actually improves my shop safety.
works  great fast shipping
I like these, but they are no better than other less expensive Griot or CG  towels.
It's also good for a thousand uses (science lab, art class, workshop, garage, medical, etc).
(I keep extra raft pieces since they are a fine mesh which holds the glue well).
This is a great product.
this little baby has power to spare and is very portable
Unfortunately, my red tip slipped off and was lost within a week of owning this hammer.
I added on some longer ties (chemical resistant) so I could bring them around to my front to tie.
Repaired some nicks in my tub with this.  
I find this feature to be pretty useless.  
Great stuff for a fair price.
Even different brands of pla.
My freezer was 7 degrees.  
Considering I could foul a filter in 1 weekend, this setup will pay for itself in sort order.
The device does not start measurement at zero.
Also helps remind me what screw to use when and where.
This is very well made and the magnet is super strong.  
It sticks like crazy and is visible a LONG ways!
Nice box.  
Excellent quality and worth the price.  
I never turned it on because of the likely short circuit.
Worth every penny
Standard pipettes, work great, good price, with Amazon convenience!
Just hooked this in to our heat pump to replace the old one (about 2.5 years old...) which had spewed its contents all over the place, and the compressor is  running fine again.
works great, We have kids and they have lots of ear infections, not any more with this dropper bottles.
A great gag gift.  
They don't really allow enough room to be plugged side by side comfortably in a breadboard.
Just took them forever to send me one , if you plan on getting one anytime soon Dont hold your breath
I really do like this little unit.
Excellent tape !
quality is not what I expected OK on thin  softwood
Heck of a lot of bags for not much money.  
I've ordered three of these, they come with no documentation at all and they do not match the item pictured -- the wires are different colors and the circuit boards don't match at all.  
These burrs retain their shape and far outlast a standard grinding stone burr.
Good traction grip, too.
I'm so happy this was available.
PERFECT LUBE FOR BULLET"S OR WHEN"EVER YOU NEED A DRY SPRAY.
I've used a ton of these for TV installations on walls.  
Senco L15BAB 18 Gauge by 1/4-inch Crown by 1-1/4-inch Length Electro...
Actually two unsealed bags.
Recommended!
Seems to last longer than other cut-off blades.
Make sure to have a plastic bag close to the bucket.
Too small to read from very far away but dose have a magnet so you can hand it on metal surfaces.
What I like about the Break-Free lubricant is its viscosity that allows it to flow into areas while not being too thin to provide much in the way of lubrication (as with WD40.
Used it to measure sound from a noisy condenser before and after I installed a noise suppressor blanket.  
Good stuff , real deal , USA made , gaff tape
Great for containing used cigarette butts and quality build!
Happy with purchase!
Nicholson Hand Files are the best available.
Those that did work, the majority in the package, are as good as any hose clamps I have used in the past.
Compared to lab suppliers it is priced well, honestly I was expecting it to be poor quality and thin, a pleasant surprise when I got something that of this quality.
Nice Battery Holder for the 18650 popular LiIon Batteries.  Holds two independently.  
I've tried their other offerings, like Gorilla Glue, but this stuff is much better IMO.  
Perfect for my needs without running around to various metal houses to find this size.
This stuff is very cool.  
Amazing print quality, and an easy build.
I'm not quite sure what it's made of, but it's pretty sturdy and the ends are relatively small but perfect for my usage
The water that sprays through this smells like mold spores!  
Would buy again.
It seems like some reviewers are using as a threading tool.
works great broke the stand on one battery covers don't stay in very well but holding up to my grow room needs
Mounts to a standard metal junction box (see photo), not included.  
but it still functions just fine.
got to have this drill bit, I use it numerous times and still is in good shape
This is a *nice* piece of equipment!  
This is exactly the price and quality I was searching for.
Exact;ly as advertised.
Works like a charm.
I use a number of different types of variable voltage bench power supplies.
At times it is almost too strong.  
Good fit, economical, no issues with tearing, etc. Delivered promptly, very happy with purchase.
the best thing on the market.
Great POT!
On a positive note, its easy to turn on the air conditioner (sometimes using the free air circulation) to help reduce these issues.
And you cannot wear regular glasses underneath them like you can with goggles.
yea much better than my old essentials which i had for more than 10 years, that one finally died, and decided i wanted one without the cavity to hold all that nasty gunk.i had a toothbrush so that i could clean the cavity of the old essentials soniccare, how crazy is that?
It's not a soft brush, but it's not like brushing your teeth with a cheese grater either.  
Awesome trash can so happy to have this now!!!!!!!!!!!!
Excellent cable.
This is just silliness.
Poor quality
These were the PERFECT fix.  
I bought this to hang a new shower dispenser, and it's working really well.
Fit and finish seems reasonably good quality.  
The bottles come in one bag and the dropper fittings/ caps are loose in another one.  
fits and works good.
Works well
As I stated on the 2 other colors I got of these, these are the best DOORSTOPS out there.  
Adhesive is superb
Great addition to a first aid kit.

Its duct tape, nothing super special about it.4 stars for being as expected.keep a roll or two around the house for emergencies.
A real good product from a trusted vendor.
Other gloves tore easily and he struggled to pull on, these seem to work great.
So 1 of mine arrived with the broken inlets and outlets just like several other people here in the reviews.
For what I was wanting to do with it, it didn't work, but that is not a product fault, that was my error.
The test point is a nice idea if you have to track down a problem.
I bought a large bag of these a few years ago to attach to my rain barrels.
They certainly suited my needs.
Works great.  
It's usable but you do have to wrestle with it and getting it out to it's full length take some work.  
This may also fit the new 2620(with venting channels), I don't know.
Strongest Tape around.
To me, they are lint free.  
This handheld dresser works great.
I have purchased many of these of varying sizes.
Excellent value.
this was a gift for a friend, from what she's told me this is about the best cart around.
Works great.
I've been using these gloves for about 6 years now and I really love them.
Junk, do not waste your money
Perfect fit and perfect size.
Use these with essential oils, mixing fragrances for perfumes and soaps.
Nice staples.  
But my son, an expert metal fabricator, told me " the best Marine glue is by 3M" Don't remember which #!!
Excellent coated wire.
I am very happy I decided to build one because it works great!  
this is some good stuff
A good addition to any project.
It probably would have been fine but I chose to weld a gusset onto it to make it more rigid.
I used a precision 2" block as a check and it measured from .002+ to .002-
Super strong.  
Nice kit with a handy case.
I use these for a variety of projects and they work perfectly every time.
Very Good product, bought two of them jsut
All tests pass:  1.
Higher quality plastic and integrated soap dispenser makes the whole thing work much better.
No blue clips provided for quick connects
I'm not real sure about these a little bit better chart would be nice like I say I may should have shopped a little more.
I purchased one a couple years ago that is still in perfect working condition and has the original batteries.  
great stuff
To me it appears as is some corners have been cut.
Lube the garage door wheels, boat parts etc.
Great for holding e juice.
Not bad at all and a good price.
Wow, Great Quality.
Needs to be water proof
Works for what I need it, all is well with this.
works ok just a little flimsy but for the price and what i use it for(checking a few inside measurements on holes for misc.
Worked well for making my AVR programing board
We're very happy with the quality and finish of this mirror.
Does what it is designed to fo
these do not come with lids, you have to purchase those separately, and at 11 bucks a piece, ridiculous, but can't do without, so they get you one way or another
Bought 3.  2 worked great for 3D printer on glass plate.  
We like this product a lot.
It probably works just fine
they seem to do a good job have not had any problems so far
they work as bolts
works fine
It was dirty with deep scratches and boot marks and some corners chipped.
I WOULD DEFINITELY PURCHASE
They work
These are GREAT screws
These are great for bathroom fans.
works as described.
But, works super on door hinges.
Just as advertised.
I started sucking up bugs on the front porch and an hour later I had cleaned to outdoor rugs and all the spider webs!
Be ready for a mess when you open the package.
If I needed this length again I'd buy more of these.
This has worked as intended (but, for brass inserts that are made of an overly-brittle alloy.)
As long as these are the correct thickness and angle for your nailer, you should have no problems.
The brush is attractive, compact and has a nice case, and does not easily leak.  
TWO ROLLS FOR MY REMODLING PROJECTS, NO MORE CAULK FOR ME.
These are great.  
Nice selection of IC audio amps for my middle school students to create circuits with... and inexpensive enough for broke little me !
These gloves are pretty good.
Not high quality
Quite a large difference.
This seems to be a decent product.
You will need a general purpose gauge kit or the appropriate hoses to be able to connect to this part.
Fine product.
What I needed
Nice to have a bunch of small wire brushes.  
Worked great, held the new screen into the patio door very well.  
For the money, this is a fun tool, and a great present!
Just what I needed to trim out @ waterline on custom paint on a set of Seadoos between the paint and the gelcoat on the bottom.
Not the diameter, that was clear, but the whole package was only about 9" in diameter and 4" deep.
This Tom's Fennel and Propolis is far and away superior to their mint flavor, and the only toothpaste I like.
These tongs are just ok - standard student grade.  
No issues with it but woud've like better selection.
Sticks to non porous surfaces, porous surfaces and faces too.
These things work well and don't fall apart or slip of the wires, like some super cheap products Ive seen.
I might pay more for one with bells and whistles if I needed it for work but this one is great for home use.
Just what I needed
For general one-way motor control, this is pretty good.
High quality product will last for years.
Hey worked like a charm.
Zips shut like a zip-lock should.
The Bostitch brads are a good value for the money the quality is excellent and they are east to load.
Suitable only for soft metals.
Nice assortment for the price.
For simple tasks and project for the price the led's work fine.
Installation was easy.
What's not to like?
The weights work great with my two scales.  
These towels are remarkable for removing blood from the floors and walls but are not particularly well suited to cleaning upholstery or drapes of the same fluid.
The Kimtech Science Kimwipes are great for eye glasses, labware, anything with a sensitive surface.
Overall this is a great tool for personal use as a live monitor.
This made it short work to identify the shaft as 3/4" dia.  
These slings are NOT as pictured.
I should have bought just the size nails I needed.
This is the one to get.
at this point I am so tired of doing reviews - I really have nothing to say about this - it is what you see
These he said worked better that the ones that came wet or the dry ones from the eyeglasses store.
I use this 8 to 10 times a day, lasts for almost a year before it failed
This is the best one I have found to test cables.
I would have given it another star if I expected them to last forever.  
Great price, too.
great crimps however they do not look as pictured.
It is rock solid in the applications I used it on.
Worthless for my purpose.
Just what I need for my for my car amp install and for anything else.
Don't buy these.
I got these for my 3d printer, a XYZ Da Vinci Pro.
They are so awesome for this kind of stuff.
It is very bright & visible and durable too as long as it doesn't get whacked too hard.
Works great for coax and camera BNC connectors.
I love my Sonicare, and try to buy multiple brushes (to save money) since my dentsist really insists I keep the brushes fresh and new.
Good stuff.
This stuff has a pretty pliable final set, maybe more than I'd like to see, but it does work well.
This is good for few common applications that requires simple measurements, but may not be suitable for high precision measurements.
Even in mild 50 to 70 weather, this hose is stiff and will fight you every step of the way when you coil it up.
Hardware store wanted 12 cents a screw!
All metal construction that works smoothly.
Looks good
Fast shipping , good quality.
Very well designed instruments.
But as this will not be used to hold heavy items together, it should be just fine.
In my opinion this works better that adhesive Velcro.  
These work as described.  
They must be having a major issue with QC on this product.  
I'm glad that's not the case.
These are like o-rings.
Please don't use on burns, watergel is the only appropriate burn treatment.
Very handy, working great.
Dissappointed with this as it is nothing more than "overrated/overpriced packaging tape", stick with the regular Gorilla Glue Tape...
I have a lot of pneumatic tools and this is a great sizeddropper to go in your tool bag or case to put those 4 to 5 dropsof oil in the air intake every time before using the tool.
Great for hard water stains and rust.  
good high quality heavy duty switch.
Large markings are easy for my old eyes to read even in a dim garage on a cloudy day.
I didn't expect anything special for the price, but they appear to be of pretty high quality.  
Great!
All work great, but one was reverse direction of the others.  
These parts arrived fast (when purchased from US based seller) and worked as needed

They are adjustable for varying heights.
Nothing bad to say the sign speaks for itself.
Nice to know I have safe water coming out of my well.  
but after you have all those years of build up removed, simple annual or biannual single treatments will keep stuff as good as new.
I bought these to use.
I have a corded Shark vac that is great so I thought this would be too.  
If you don't have an unlimited budget, this is a good unit and a recommended buy.
Funnel locks into place during the refueling process.
works great for all handhelds that use the SMA connector; great to connect to a standard external antenna
Nice to have a reserve.
It's very easy to install.  
When normal duct tape just isn't sticky enough, this is the stuff to use.  
I love the ease of putting on these XL sized gloves.  
The 12" length is perfect to ensure that even super long handgun barrels (like some long revolvers) can benefit from its use.
Had to snatch up this great deal!
Follow the directions and it works great.
I replaced the battery in my cell phone with this ore and then said "beam me up!"
The controls work great, as expected, and were easily installed.  
This is the connector works great as a replacement on the DaVinci Pro 3D Printer.
I needed these for head to toes in nursing school.
In my opinion the it's one of the better feeler gauges on Amazon.
These are good sensors.  
You have to hold it dry and once it gets wet the best Methode is to blow with the air gun between scale and electronic to get it cleaned out.
So far I've forgotten to cap it 4-5 times (once for like 4 hours).
You'll have to dip your pliers (or whatever) at least a dozen or more times to get that thickness of coating.
I have been looking for this at all the fine stores in Nevada, but no one had this brand and I've been using it for years.
Great!
Expected it to look differently, but as a tape it works well
Staples work and feed well in Rigid and Porter Cable Staplers.
I use this to extend the life of the electrodes of my tens unit , It leaves no residue , no odor & helps conduct the current.
Great momentary switch.
It protects the moving parts on our car doors and removes squeak.  
For me this is the best way to buy this type of glue.
It works for me and has held off barbaric gum surgery, what else I can say?
good tool
Like all duct tape, it sticks better to itself than to anything else, so if the world was made of duct tape, this would be a more useful product.
You can't beat these brads.
Great little jack,  purchased this to jack up a sinking sidewalk for a customer.  
I have had this for two days and I already miss my Neeto Botvac.
Can not verify the claim.
Of course this is not 'medical professional' grade (and it doesn't pretend to be), but it's GREAT for the layman.  
Pots work well.  
A good product for the fermenting process
Nice glass mirror, good heavy quality.
Good and sticky.
Works well to bond dis-similar materials together
Would definitely recommend.
Works good - rough - but tough
I also used it on our wood stove and it works great for that too.  
If one could dulplicate this with a 4 foot (or longer) level, it would be great.  
Those are nice bottles too if you need an eye dropper.
Great product and cost less than Lowes
The end fittings leak even after installing "new" hose washers.
For the price it is a very good investment for anyone with a drill press.
Just what I needed, a great deal for the selection and price
*** (3 stars)Your average towel.  
This is a very good product but it is not top of the line.
Nice in-between 4 mil and 10 mil.
The temperature reading usually agrees with the thermometer on my thermostat, and the humidity reading usually agrees with the level recorded by my dehumidifier, so I'd say it's doing its job.
You just can't beat Rubbermaid...indestructible and many sizes to fit your need
I use these to apply wireless switches to walls, small mirrors near desks, file holders by desk and so forth.
Useful in a variety of situations where "normal" epoxy would break down due to temperature.
A little harder to find this "crown type" staple in our local area but nice to find a reasonable price on AMAZON.Would have a 5 star except for unusual need for this type staple in our electric staple gun
Good quality parts.
It's performance is fair at best too.
As described.  
Nice to have.
As for the Shark itself it is a mediocre device.
Still, a real good buy.  
but I'm disappointed that I can't use it for what I wanted.

Excellent product and excellent price!  
I keep  some handy in the shop all the time -- just in case !!
Junk.
I use these little pads on the backs of large photo display frames.
These are nice looking brushes, got to excellent for cleaning inside a metal tube of some-kind for pistol!  
Good quality plastic and easy to mount.
I used this to reassemble a iPad2 and so far it is still together...
Great lens paper
Very inexpensive and works great.
Im going to use this to store my wool futon mattress in when Im gone travel'in.
But they work great for people like me who like to tinker around with stuff.  
Works as described.
Very nice filter.  
This is the best way to repair an air mattress hole of any size!
The compact head is a perfect fit for my small mouth, and it's easy to access my back teeth.  
It has good suction, no complaints there.
not so effective as the document explains it to be.
Nice product.
I needed syringes for filling bottles and these are perfect.
I am very happy with my purchase and would recommend.
Its a good selection of sizes, they seem to be of a good quality and the price was great, so I'm happy!
I needed dropper bottles for controlled application of liquid acrylic paints, glazing fluid, alcohol based dyes, and airbrush medium for  my painting, and these are perfect.
There's SO MANY in this package, and I haven't worn out ONE of them yet!
They are metal braces and seem to be working just fine.
No complaints works really well if anything changes will update,  we believe this is a good product and definitely would recommend it to others
I find this a better, more useful general-purpose lubricant than WD-40.
Maybe a bit higher in price, but we live in a long ways from the parts store.
The gel wasn't real greasy and came off with ease.  
Grate buy for a hard to find item I use it on my plastic models
This toothpaste tastes fine and it cleans my teeth pretty well, I don't really have a problem with tooth sensitivity but it is also just plain good working toothpaste.
It arrived on time this wheel dresser works real good well worth the money.it flatten my wheel and keeps running true
Works well and smells better than most penetrating oils
I have been using these in my home shop / garage for as long as I can remember and they are my all time favorite.
Used it for my first beer on my new homebrew setup.  
Exactly as described and processed fast.
No complaints,
I don't consider these in the same quality league as the EZE-LAP ones I have used in the past, but they work well enough for what I paid for them.  
Don't buy this thinking it will withstand more than 4000 lbs!
Excellent did the job  Thanks
Easy to set up and easy to operate.
If I were to do it over again I would not consider a Neato product.  
A nice solution for lots of ID needs.
This is excellent file.
I love that these stick to my teeth and don't slip around in my mouth during the 30 minutes per day of wear.  
Broke after 6 months of regular use.  
use orange all the time thought I would get the red one to try such a good price.
This vacuum does a great job at sucking up hair that has been swept up and pushed near the mouth of the unit with a broom.  
It is on pretty soft and flexible, but secures well enough.  
Good fitting, as I would expect.  
I have been using this during reloading to measure my cartridges and has been working great for months.
Love the blue, nice and dark to keep my oils out of the light.  
Works fine on helmets.
And a friend of mine said to pick up some forceps instead.
They are LED's.. they work.
I keep these in the car, in the house, in my pocket so that I have them where ever I go.
I recommend these for sure.
So far so good.
actuallt a pack of 12!..they are cheap plastic and work as expected on plastic.they will not cut cardboard as I thought they would.just tear  and shred across it.also blades dull quickly.but on roll plastic a lot easier than a bare blade or utility knife.
So far rain, cold , and more rain and it been holding up good.
These are heavy and keeps things dry and protected from dust.
Don't be fooled by some that say there Hong is heavy.  
sharp, sanitary, great for a hobbyist or someone with a super first aid kit
It works great and though I think a lower quality one for less money would have worked as well, it certainly lives up to the price charged/
I will use up the rest of the roll in small jobs that I can keep an eye on while printing.
They take less space in a box than a wire nut.
The 2 probes are very nice and calibrated cleanly and quickly.
Larger than expected but that's good.
So At first the vise seemed fine.
Love these little bottles.
great quality for a small job, worth the extra couple bucks to get 3m.
My one complaint is just that the nylon might be a bit cheap and roughed up a little easier than I was expecting, but I did not go easy on them, so I probably shouldn't be surprised.
Overall it is a really good value.
I use these gluing difficult items in my artwork and they work well as long as you don't overstress them on too large of a connection.
These are just about the perfect cleaning wipes.
The sole purpose was to grind rust off his lawn machines.  
Does the job!
The bristles are definitely medium and those with sensitive teeth and gums should consider getting a soft brush.
These are a very good value for the money.
Let me begin this by saying I thought is book was awesome.  
I really like her.
Fantastic Christian Romance book.
This book, though?
This series gets better and better with each book!
I love the characters!!!!
Really enjoyed the lively, sometimes outrageous characters, their delightful antics, the somewhat hidden family histories & most of all the awakening love story of Maya & Axell.
I loved  it!!
I have resumed reading this series as I really enjoy the lovely Blue Ridge mountain setting.
I have yet to find a Susan Mallery book I didn't like.  
THE LOVE STORY IS SWEET.
I don't have a problem with that sort of quick falling in love, but in this book it seemed like an after thought thrown in there with little development.
Only the quality of the writing kept me in there.
No acaba de convencerme, por momentos se extiende mucho en detalles que no son relevantes/
Definitely worth getting if you like fantasy.
The second book was much better.
After the first scene everything calms down a little and the plot is developed nicely.
Thank you for a great book.
Okay, I'm glad we've got that bit of criticism out of the way, because the rest of the story is very, very good.  
This is a tale of "careful what you wish for..."I will read something longer by author and recommend her.
It reminds me very much of the great writers of Golden age of SciF and some of today's greats.
I love playing Yahtzee on Kindle.
While this book is a part of a series and is pretty well written, I found myself wondering what's the point while I was reading.
This was amazing!
I'll be back in a year or two with my full review lol.
I caught the religious tones in the book.
IT DOESN'T SEEM TO BE VERY MUCH FUN AS I THOUGHT IT MIGHT BE.
Great story with a great message.
Every series about the impact of an space object with our planet has a different way to handle the problem.  
What follows is a tumultuous story of forgiveness and love.  
and I loved that!
I enjoyed this book enormously and read it in one sitting, although I'm not usually a paranormal reader or a vampire lover.
He wasn't perfect, made a huge mistake in his love life, but he is a good guy.
Sort of a Big Misunderstanding idea that was relegated to the background, while the present day Resolution  was a little more like an afterthought.  
Anna Mae loves her husband, but it's been a while since she and Harley shared much more than frustration.
Not an overly religious book.
The author is obviously talented and this could be a good story, but it loses itself in page after page of minutiae.
Several short stories to read in this book.  
Highly recommend this.
I loved it that much!  
This was a good twist, on a already great story.
Today's kids in yesterday's world.
She also does a good job with Misty's mother, Iris.
The book was good but why was there so many missing pages after each chapter, that was weird as hell.
A cliffhanger is a terrible way to end something.  
Jesse rescues Alexi from a bad marriage before it gets started and it's hot sexy love from that very first kiss.
I've read every Shifters Unbound, by Jennifer Ashley& this is such a lovely sweet, story & explains the Guardian's Sword, I wished I would of read this first, but it truly doesn't matter where you start in this series, I'm only sorry that I've read them all & want more!
There was a predictability problem and the ending drug a little, but other than that it was good.
To me I like the fact of the time difference -- can access the next day's paper around 8:00 pm central day light time.
Along the way Shanna learns that some prizes aren't as important as true love and happiness.
The book isn't organized very well.
The book is great.  
I know a lot of people wrote that this was their favorite in the series.
A very beautiful novels.
While I always found this game really easy to play on the computer and loved it growing up, it is slightly more difficult to play on your Kindle and can become rather frustrating.
great story line.
Cute and silly little book about an obnoxious gnome with a little romance thrown in.  
Thanks for a great story.
That was not a Hebrew idea, it was Greek.'
Don't miss this one!
Enjoyable, but wordy.
This is a great story about love and acceptance.
This book was funny, exciting and the characters were great.  
They did a nice, thorough and very readable job.
Great characters, great stories, totally amazing sex and really good quality writing.  
I am a huge Dave Ramsey fan
Great characters!
This series is absolutely fantastic.
As always Jo Beverly writes a good story.  
Miss vaughn hats off to you
Yes, it was that good!
Dane and Merlin are wonderful men with a special bond between them.
It's was a  pretty good story line.
There are a lot of people who can tell a good story but few who can bring the characters to life.
The human element is what makes games like Hangman fun.
It's a better book.
I felt like it did not give enough insight into the scripture reading.  
The story was humorous, romantic, and all-around delightful.
It is such a fun, light Paranormal Read.  
Very good book could not guess who the killer was.
I love these puzzles.
Helping me to be a better Blackjack player.
They began to feel like filler.
It was a great read, but I am disappointed that I can't find book 2.  
This game has me absolutely addicted.  
The book was an emotional roller coaster ride
This book is not my typical read, as I don't usually pick up books that deal with children and death.
I really like Ms. Laurel ODonnells stories especially this one.  
The remainder of this easy to digest book takes the reader on the journey of learning how to implement these principles.
I loved the read.
The short description doesn't do justice to the great story and writing.  
Well worth the price.
and then you want to kick henrys butt, and you get into it and see a good story coming at you.
N.B. for those who left low ratings because it was short - try checking the length of the book before you buy!
I liked how everything and everyone came together.
overall great books love all of them.
I was bored and looking for a good Science Fiction story and I found it beyond my best dreams when I picked this story to read.
I found this to be a very enjoyable read.
but i wished there was more to it,but overall i still liked it.
I have used this book several times in simple things like just entertaining a few friends.
Prescott is a great writer and this tale has more twists and turns than you can imagine.  
at 14.99 I would get it but not at double the price.great content but really.....
A very good read.....ER
I think you will like it
Well written story exploring the concept of forgiveness and trust.
I love that I have a book at my fingertips and have never had an issue with any book orders
The author, Mr. Wisehart, has matched the feel that was meant to be an uneasy journey for the travels of the four.
A great story.
Love ALL of Josh Graham's work!
I love brain training games keeps you young and helps with memoryMy husband even plays when I get stuck he finds them fast
Mandy is determined not to marry Ashley McCandle.  
Still the characters are interesting and the story entertaining.
Considering you would have to keep purchasing it every month it would get expensive  I deleted it..
Definitely a must-read.
This is good for anyone who likes card games.  
As mentioned before, this is a short story, and I am glad because I did not like it too much.
It was a very good read for me anyway.
I like this game.
Great book Allison Brennon, You have the element of surprise.
Glad I read it
Great to read a book, for a change, where the hero is supremely flawed and bumbles his way through life - although with a very generous dollop of good luck!
Not my favorite book because it lacked a little substance and the characters were too cardboard.
This book was an amazing write up of the history of the conflict.
Cherisewas a semi nutcase, and although she faulted Ross for things he did in his past and present, he never faulted her when her secret was revealed because his love was so strong her.  Would definitely recommend.
I love the characters and the way the author takes you to this place.  
Love it!
Reminded me of some bratty things I did as a kid...esp about getting rid of food...not a book worth buying.
Grade: A
I loved it!
I thoroughly enjoyed it and look forward to the next in the series.  
I couldn't find anything to like about this book.  
Ash Rashid is a former homicide detective plus he is also a Muslim, that like to have a drink of the strong stuff.
I enjoyed this book, reading it in just 2 sittings.
Wow what a wonderful book.
Lovely!
For an hour or so worth of reading, this story is definitely enjoyable.
I am glad I read this book.
Interesting of how closure came to two people, who couldn't move on.
Leigh is the new master of historical romances.
Two more in Jacqueline Winspear's Maisie Dobbs series.
Anyone who has lost a lot of weight knows how difficult it is to change your self image and that's what made this book my favorite.
It is an enjoyable, fun little book!
You will be happy you have it.
Best Kept Secret of Christian Mission" is an important book for every Christian.
It jumped from daughter to mother and then back to daughter.
It's an amazing read if you like steampunk and mystery.
I was rather disappointed in this book.
Strip a match 3 game down to it's most basic premise... boil off the fancy graphics... remove the high falootin' music and sounds... sprinkle in an all too easy but difficult to master challenge...
I think this book was good.
Max and Emma had a relatively angst-free courtship.
If you want a taste of their writing, give this a shot.
Marco is the cute French mutant who she has an instant connection with.
There are lots of reasons to like this book - including an interesting plot and location.  
I found several different things about this book fascinating.
This is a fun little novella that is an entire story by itself, though not important to the main series.
He is battered, bruised & surrounded by junk of unknown origins.  
I thought I would give it a try because it had great reviews, and looked like fun.  
Although it's a cute story idea it felt more like I was reading a synopsis.
This style guide was a complete blessing for me!
Few books have touched and taught me as has this novel.
I read this a long time ago, so when it was free i downloaded it again for my kindle library
Scary in terms of potential happening and the inner workings of some of our political figures.....once started be sure to have time to finish......
I don't recommend.
I loved it.
It was kind of boring at times and repetative.  
Loved  Tabitha and Nik so much confusion  but eventually they found there way to each other.maybe we can get another story from them
It is an ok book, not  one I would recommend to a friend.
Kell--who doesn't love a man in uniform?
I enjoyed it though.
This is a good story with good description of the countryside.
Okay for beginners.
Oh well, it was free.  
Another incredible read.
I HAVE READ THIS BOOK THREE TIMES AND FIND
A story that would be enjoyed by all ages.
Very good book when you are waiting on a book from you favorite series.
There were a few articles (maybe 3) that were pretty decent but the majority was just filler.
This was a really enjoyable story.
I read this to my son and he said he liked the story.
such good book that is very
Great read for anyone who likes to solve a mystery.
It's a nice little story.
There were definitely those moments for me in this book.
THANKS FOR ANOTHER AMAZING BOOK MARIE!!!
Ren Zel's character was first introduced in "Plan B".  
She doesn't seem to care about ecology and using (and reusing) cloth towels instead of wasteful paper.
She's been burned by love and is not looking for it.
Art?
I also don't understand why incubi and succubus hated vampires.
Loved this book...a scorching hot sexy read.
I cant believe some of the bad reviews here.  
Five stars.
Great story, so sweet.
Great book.
As a marketer, it is a challenge to brand a product solely on rational aspects.
Ok this was an excellent book but the description threw me.
I loved it.  
The story line was not very good.  
This story is wonderfully written and fun!  
Flighty affections,adults acting like kids the list goes on and on.
but it was a pretty much a horror story.  
great book.
what a guy...just perfect for this wild girl.
This heart felt story was gorgeous and poetic.
Also, it's nice to get the blog on my Kindle, and I can just click on the free books, or other links and go right to Amazon.
It's hard to recommend this book.
He paints him to death, more than that I will not tell as this is too good to do more than bait you.
It is a quick and enjoyable read.
I did not enjoy this book.
The world setting was quaint and very very different.
Loved Gray's persistence, understood Daphne's search for "normal".
This is really a very good book (as if the Pulitzer Prize didn't tip you off).  
I don't require total accuracy if the story is good (though I really love it when it happens!)
This is a good game that requires a moderate level of thinking.
A huge thumbs up.
You can feel everything that each character is feeling!!
Book is also very short, which in this case was a good thing.
The writing style is very very good.
Book two brings us to Phoebe's sister, Sidney.  
You will love it.
Overall I liked it.
It's been a long time since I've read a book that made me cry so hard.
It's an okay book
Excellent.
The series also owes heavily to the classic Nero Wolfe detective stories.
There are better books out there.
I strongly suggest for everyone to get the colter's series,One of the best erotic romance series out there, Maya is the queen.
Totally recommend it!
This book was pretty darn
I really enjoyed the characters and the way the girls enjoyed "watching the show".  
Suddenly the two girls were best of friends and wanting to sisters.  
The end was pleasant and fitting for both Zarek and Keren.
I felt the book could of been a hundred pages less.
I love the tales of Oz!
Would love to read more.
Ridley Brone is that character.
Lori Brighton is excellent.
Bye Jonnie.
This is a good series.  
I love me some kindle.
By reading the review before I ordered this book I believe I will really enjoy reading it when I can.
This game is frustrating, but fun.
I have brought this up several times and it tells me, "Thanks for playing.  
I highly recommend it!
It definitely is a mini series.  
Alex Damon is on a mission.
I love to read series and this one was great.  
LOVE BY THE NUMBERS is one of those book that the beauty of the book lies in the fine print, the quality of the cast and the emotion that the author brings to the plate.
Man, it's a good thing this was free.
This is first in a series.  
I rarely play computer games but when I have a few minutes, I tend to open this up and see if I can better my time.  
I recommend the book.  
This book is HOT.  
As appetizers go, this one hits the spot!Now I'm truly looking forward to the full course meal of this new series.
If you liked the Running Man or Rollerball you will love this
OSNOVA has really great products and I appreciate their ministry.
It another great love story and men so honorbound...
Oh yeah...
As a student of the bible and an avid history freak I found David's novels absolutely fascinating.
And the picture is not pretty!
It is an incredible read.
This is an excellent read.
Ergo I paid for an unfinished story twice.
Best commentary ever!!  
Loved these stories.
Yeah no matter how great the sex is two would be a whole lotta somethin' else!
Entretenida historia, que mezclando realidad con ficcin nos va dando cuenta de la bsqueda del buque ingles hundido en las costas argentinas.
What a great concept if you think about it.  
As others have said, this story was a decent concept, but too short for all that went on.
Thus, only two stars.
Really great story.
I really enjoy shifter books.  
It is a Hobsons choice, with no good answer, but it provides a fine vehicle for examining the questions and cultures involved, much as The Nightengale did for German-occupied France.
Such great fun!
Westervelt Wolf's is a great series.
Can these long time enemies form a truce or will these two find love can be their only truce?
3 Stars.
Dear Departed was well written and kept me in suspense throughout the whole book.
The writing was crisp, and the dialogue believable.  
I wouldn't call it an epic adventure, but would make a perfect beach read for any sci-fi fan.
A great series of novels.  
Barbi J, Manahawkin NJ
Let's just say, that She does her best to make Tanner loose his mind.
He also is doing his best to make sure he keeps his word by hiring some of his friends to keep an eye on her during the balls and other events during the season.  
It was good but i read the same story but a another title just names were changed
And who could not love the mysterious Mikahl who sees beyond the surface to what lies beneath?
Enjoyed the series very much.
Fans of Fern Michaels will like this the most.
And these older brothers are sadistic.
I have never been disappointed in any of her books and this one was great.
I love this heroine and was really rooting for her HEA.
Rosie was in an accident when she was 24 which left her body in a vegetative state while leaving her mind intact.  
It was ok but sort of weird good thing I didn't buy the book thank goodness for that yay yay
Great story, I was amazed, usually free books aren't very good this one had an delicioius plot and characters, pleasantly suprised, will reccomed to my book buddies
The second book is just as wonderful, and I would like to read another.
Good, but not great.
Nice capture of the way things were a time back.  
This book was great .
This is an excellent read for the genre.....
This is a great read!!!
Variations of this theme has been written a hundred times before...and I'm always a sucker for them.
Another great book by Kate Perry.
But still a good book for teens to adults!
Ananda Zelder is almost homeless
I enjoyed this Book..
Rating is probably more like 3.5 stars.
True North is a really good book.  
Courtesy of CK2S Kwips and KritiquesExcerpted from a review of the On the Prowl Anthology...
Quick bedroom read!!
Delightful and fun.- See more at: [...]-Received for in exchange for a fair and honest review
As good as the novel is it is just a little too long; it needed to be edited down just a bit
I think that if this was turned into a legit full length less provocative story that it would be amazing.
So it's a perfectly serviceable mystery at a good price,  and I will read more,  but it's ok to like,  not love for me, hence 3.5 stars,  rounded up to 4.
Other games don't work too well.
As a result, the novel is choppy and doesn't have a clear focus.  
This is a great chess game for your kindle.
Excellent historical document.
Jeff seems like more fun along the lines of Gator's personality.
My own love of doing research in graduate school makes me admire Myers' determination to leave "no stone unturned" to find the killer.
Pigeon Tony, his grandson Frank, lawyer Judy  well-written  eLibrary book
The formatting for this book was so terrible I gave up reading it at about 40%.
but I liked it.
I always enjoy Russell's memoirs, so it was entertaining to hear Holmes tell of their first  meeting and his involvement in her life.
I have always enjoyed a good romance novel.  
Was a very enjoyable book  great reading.
I liked it so much that i went and bought pies and potions, the next book.
her stories are varied and interesting.
I usually read at least a book a week and this one I have been reading for over a month.
Like a horror version of Toy Story, but not quite Chucky.
Really funny book and I look forward to reading the rest of the series.
Carrabus' novella, charmingly told, drew me in.
I actually read the second book first and had to get this one to see the before story.  
This book deserves a double rating of 10*****stars.
I like your stories but reading them is painful!
I loved this short little story...
Good read but not very believable.
You know it's going to be a great read....never disappoints!
I cant wait to read more in this series.
I am enjoying many J. S. Fletcher books.  
A friend turned me onto this great read, and im happy that she did.
It's a pretty good jumping off point for a story that's a lot like a roller coaster ride.
The Complete Mark Twain Collection is well orgaized and easy to read on the Kindle.  
Sounds like a good series and the time frame is ideal.
While I enjoyed "Without Reservations" I found "With Caution" to be a more interesting read.
The cover and blurb are great.
I found The Oregon Trail more of a travelogue than a story.  
Andrea goes in to find him, fearing the worst, since he is not only a fellow hunter, but also her lover.  
Thanks Kalleysten  great writingCheersBelinda
So in love with Josiah.
This book was a mixed bag for me.  
Stories like this are the reason I love my Ipad.  
a thinking puzzle game.
There were some laugh at loud moments and some serious moments.
But after Tommy and Josiah fought, someone or something got the best of Tommy.  
I really liked Logan and Kir better in this one.
Yes, at times the book is a bit confusing.  
I just liked the writing good enough to want to buy more.
I am so glad it was free.
Will she find love?
I didn't love it and I didn't hate it.
This book should be read along with The Beekeeper's Apprentice.
The ending will surprise you for sure!
You won't be disappointed with this one!
I only wished it was the entire book instead of a short because as I was getting into the book it was over.
Alex Damon was out for revenge on a woman who took everything from him.
Very good start to the series.
I liked it well enough I bought the second in the series.
This was a pleasant book with a sweet although highly predictable love story.  
Overall it was ok.
I am enjoying this series very much.
I should not have read this while also doing a marathon with Criminal Minds.
This was a decent look into the phenomenon of near death experiences.  
But still a fun read.
Than there is2
Another great read from JH.
This was one of the best books to help you come close.
It was fun to reread this fairy tales.  
Some great quotes that I didn't even know came from Abe Lincoln himself.  
Quite entertaining!
No thanks.
This story is toldin Alex's POV.
This is a good book.  
It has been a great read so far.
It is a wonderful book for both young and old and holds your interest throughout the entire book.
I love books that make me think and this one definitely did......I'm going to have to go back and read it again.
I believe that while this novel has some shortcomings it is pretty entertaining.
If you love anthropology or learning how to decode a language, this would be an awesome novella to check out.  
I like but I'm confused it is billed as book 1 and 2
If you want a good novelization of the facts behind the fur trade, then this book is right for you.  
Fern Michaels', "The Jury" doesn't rest on the success of previous additions to the series.
I cancelled within one hour afer receiving it.
Word of caution - this is not for the under 18 crowd.
I love spinach and artichoke dip and know I can make my own!
this is a spanish book.  
We Cannot Ignore</a>
The Hathaway's are a wonderful family that I'm going to miss alot.  
There is an amazing bunch of characters that brings a wonderful mix to the story.
This was a fabulously fun read.
Still, a sweet story by an author who can turn a phrase.
While it is highly readable, there are too many better works available to read.
It looks like a cooler version of an elastic artist's eraser with streaks.  
love essie polish!
I'm very impressed with the quality of this tiny pencil.
Best to test before you buy at a department store.
Great neutral for everyday that will go with just about anything in your wardrobe.
Smells awesome and feels like its cleaning your face pretty well.
This brush head is a lot more comfortable to use than the normal brush heads.  
This is my "upteenth' tube of this gel primer.
I have since purchased other products from Amazon and I like all of them.
My wife tried this and loves it:This is one of my absolute favorite Obagi products!  
I have been liking it a lot, since I have been using PCA products, I rarely get break outs any more!
I'm not, and in fact, I rather like this scent.
It is a great booster for my moisturizer.
It worked like a charm.  
This is a very nice, non-greasy skin cream for head to toe use.
I tend to like more natural ingredients in my sunscreen, so that is the only reason that it loses a star.  
Super saturated concealer stick with high-performance pigments.
Performs as advertised
This seems to be a good product.
So do I the smell of course is incredible will buy always there products.  
This is a pleasant scent.
Scent doesn't last out of the shower.  
I couldn't be more pleased if I'd swallowed a pink feather duster!  
The one time I have used it, I found it to be very effective in making the skin soft but I did find it difficult to remove and it did stain my sink for a while.
I've got to stop getting nail polish on line.
I ordered Revision DEJ Face Cream, not knowing whether it was a good choice as there were not too many reviews at the time.  
I'd say my results have been really good!The coverage is spectacular, but this product is likely not meant for blending/contouring.
I love the dark colors and and the brand.  Have tried other shellac gels that just don't last as long or go on as easily.
The body and shower gel smells very nice.
This product gets a 2 rating on ewg.org, which is good!
My hair dresser recommended this a few years ago and I like it best of all the hairsprays I have used.  
I've used a lot of highly regarded skin care products that made my skin worse because of the ingredients.
I love these towels, they work wonders.
This product is amazing at clearing up acne.
As a shower gel, this works just fine, doesn't over-dry my skin.
It seems to undo sun damage.
I did not like this face wash and was pretty disappointed because I am a huge La Roche-Posay fan.
I absolutely LOVE this product!
I like it a lot.
It's very smooth and absorbs well into the skin, only need to use a tiny amount.
La Roche-Posey is a great brand and I have had good luck with all the products I have tried.
Vichy makes it so easy o keep your complexion clear and smooth while at the same time your pores stay small and clean just by using this facial mask.
I like how thick this shampoo is.
A little bit will go a long way.
Makes a nice stocking filler gift idea with Christmas not far away.
The seaweed cleansing soap has a pleasant smell that is barely noticeable.  
Gentle, cleans off makeup, doesn't seem to strip my skin, and smells nice.
Has a wonderful 'beachy' scent that lingers for hours.
I have some scaring on the top of my head due to skin lupus.
No irritation, did an acceptable job of covering a tattoo tested on, but not any better than a much less expensive product did, and not as good as a couple others have.  
I do notice a very pleasant soap smell when he first comes out of the shower, but the scent disappears quickly, which is too bad.
Is it suppose to do anything but spray your face because you can do that with cool water & save $$
It has a light pleasant scent, good ingredients (other than the dimethicone, my personal opinion!)
The wand applicator is certainly handy for precise targeting of the desired areas.  
I use masks and peels all the time and I love that this one is designed for sensitive skin.  
Burberry Brit is great for daytime and evening wear.
The lotion is a bit disappointing.
This is a luxury sun lotion to enjoy the sun and get a tan in a healthy manner.
It's great.
Love the way this sunscreen feels and smells!
She needed to find a new mascara brand.
Love the scent this has.  
The base coat and top coat can be purchased in a set on Amazon--good idea.  
The lid to the spray bottle was cracked and is no longer usable but the product itself works fine.
This is by far the best foundation I have ever used.
It comes in a cool-looking, contemporary bottle.  
(Granted, I don't sweat as much as if I were working out myself, but do sweat a bit throughout class.).
It is easily absorbed and works well for my dry skin.
(Philosophy cleanser.)
I don't like it, I prefer no scent or a light natural scent.
By long-lasting I mean it doesn't melt away in the shower quickly like some glycerin soaps.  
I have pretty sensitive skin, so I wasn't sure about this stuff.
My nails were good to go...
I like it has SPF 25 in it.  
The colors are very neutral, so don't expect dramatic color.
Also made a cool Christmas color.
It is really wonderful, not messy, and another great product from Dermablend!
works fantastic and feels great!
I love it so far.  
it smells awful!
A small bottle, but a little goes a long way and I feel like my hair has been growing fast and thicker since using this product.
It's a faint color on my lips, and not too much of a shine, but good for a sort of "enhanced" natural look.
I applied it day and night and got compliments about my glowing complexion.
I have a very thick hair and I can use other conditioners that pretty much do the same thing.
Not a repurchase
Just don't get it near your eyes.
Excellent quality.
Best wipes I have found, and I buy a lot of high end products.  
Perfect Mask!
Also, I love that this product doesn't smell like sunscreen and is fragrance free.
I think this night cream may be my favorite of the bunch.
I used several Real Techniques brushes and they all worked great.
What is not to like about this product.
I love all the option you have.
I love all Ahava products and this is my favorite body wash.
In general, I like micellar waters and other no-rinse cleansing products.
I find myself liking it but then not liking it.
This goes on quickly and smoothly for a nice matte finish.
Very pleased with this.  
I have not experienced any side effects, and I would categorize my skin and eyes as being sensitive.
This cleanser does a great job of getting your skin clean without stripping it.  
These are replacement disc for my PMD.  Works wonderfully
The great thing about this pencil is its thin fine point.
I would say this is only good for people who have super dry skin.  
Again - smell and taste - I love it.  
Does not damage my nails like gel does.  
Overall, it's good lotion, I feel like only time will tell for the stretch marks, but as for the moisturizing part, it's AWESOME!
No hold, not happy at all with this product.
I realize what all the rave was about because the color pay off is exceptional.
This is, of course, not a sunscreen but a tanning gel, with just a minimum of UVA/UVB protection, and "vitamins A through E".
smells nice but to me,it can almost be a unisex fragerance.
Overall it's OK but the scent is not particularly interesting.
What a great feature.  
I experimented and took a full eye close up before using this.  
The best stuff ever!
I need much more the 2 -3 drops for make the nail polish live againmaybe depend on the nail polish  quality, but for my  this need to work no matterthat , after all do the job but is not much strong as they say
Works nicely to firm and smoothen skin.
This Mini is a great travel option or one that I can put in my gym bag.
Nice color
It goes on easily, and doesn't feel greasy like other creams developed for very dry skin, this still feels like a regular lotion.
Bare Minerals primer is better for me.
Love this product.
I was a little concerned when I ordered this body wash that it would cause my husband to smell like an Axe commercial.  
And yet it seems potentially too good to be true; it is remarkable and I wish everybody could test it out on their skin just to experience it's immediate effects.
I gave it five stars based on the fact that my friend has nice skin and loves Meaningful Beauty products.
Price is great.
It smells so wonderful and really does the job as far as a dry shampoo is concerned.
In fact, I feel like my skin looks very nice after using it.
You will need your own brushes and sponges for application.
But it's well worth the pain.
I bought this color as well as Tropix
I later read that dermatologists strongly recommend against daytime use of retinols, even with sunscreen, as they enhance the damaging properties of uv exposure, but they're very safe and effective at night (still use sunscreen in the day when using this product, as it will increase your overall uv sensitivity).
I am a fan of all the Revision products, especially the Intellishade moisturizing tinted sunscreen, and highly recommend them all.
This didn't relax me, and it doesnt last long, but I do like the scent.
I love the smell, I could smell the woody elements in it.
It is luxurious moisturizer that will add radiance to the skin.  
It makes me look like I have twice the eyelashes that I had really do.
This cream doesn't seem to have a smell either which is great.
I tested in on my skin and did not like the itchy feeling.
Really love how bright the color is.
The PCA line of skin care is very good.  
Both my husband and I tried this and had good experiences.  
Finally I don't look like a clown
It is also a great moisturizer.
I've never used a creme gel eye liner before, but I have to say that I love this!!
Well, perhaps the very fine lines around my eyes, but more than that hasn't responded to any over-the-counter product.
The sunscreen component works well.
This is pretty good.  
So far so good.
It is really a wonderful product.
I'm outdoors for a good part of each day so sun damaged skin is always a cause for concern and I'm always on the lookout for good preventative and restorative products to keep my outer layer nice and healthy.
I don't like using anything that stands out on my face or just lingers, so this is nice, because it actually goes on clear and dries quickly.
Great for incipient headaches though.
Spa like experience in a bottle*
So far so good though.
One of my most favorite products ever!
I may repurchase this in the future, but now I'm still looking for a better product that is more suited for my skin and my budget.
Keeps my hair looking great and clean.
Smells great and the bottle is quite sharp looking.
It lathers well, and is overall a great product.
I like this cream quite a bit!
This polish is my new favorite neutral.
I have been using this for almost 6 years, it's not white nor sticky, like water on the skin.
My husband likes thiscleanser and uses it everyday.
It is so great that I now use the eye & face products from this line.
The only thing is there are 3-4 red shades and only 2 neutrals.
See other reviews for detailed smell description as I think they've covered that base nicely.
I haven't found any product that tightens the skin the way I'd like, although some do a better job than others.
Great for travel!
My nails looked glazed, smooth and shiny.  
My skin feels amazing!  
I like this one the best.  
I have yet to find any products that can get rid of deep wrinkles, so I'm even happy to see the fine ones less noticeable.
Looks great at a short distance as it really does capture light, so I think this would be great photo-makeup as well.
I love this scent on my husband.
From my daughter: works nicely to smooth skin and make pores smaller before applying makeup.
MUCH fewer breakouts and I like that there's no harsh tight feeling on my skin after using.  
However, the price is very very expensive and I am sure that there are cheaper alternatives to get such good quality."
Okay I rarely give 1-star reviews, but this is the pits.
This has a metal tipped applicator that I really like, the cream feels good going on with the cool metal tip.
I suppose the salicylic acid is the ingredient that fights acne but whatever else they have added makes it special.
I wore it during a very long bike ride with sun and wind and my face was fine.
I love the mineral ingredients which specifically come from the Dead Sea.
It minimized many of the fine lines on my skin.
I like all O.P.I. products thus far with the exception of the Matte finish.
The green is a beautiful,, saturated color and the metallic makes it look very attractive on the makeup tray.
The application process takes time to learn but I absolutely love it and this color is GORGEOUS!
Ive included a color comparison photothis shade (center with mirror attached) most closely resembles the loose powder on the right called medium translucent.  
I love all of Mario B.'s other products but this one did NOT hit the spot (ha), unfortunately.  
I like the results and that's all that really matters.
but no better than comparable drugstore versions (maybe just a little more perfumed).
this is great for winter pedicures when i need to put on my boots but don't want that gel pedicure!
I like the cream, kind of heavy (good for night time) applies nice and absorbs quickly, slight scent but goes away.
The original gives me a dewy look which is great.
It's a lovely luxury product that makes your skin feel silky smooth!
I like this foaming gel wash for every day use.
I haven't seen any visible results, but I've only used a week.  
Wonderful for this dry, crisp weather that autumn ushers in and winter, too.
On wet hair if I use just a small amount...it doesn't leave my hair greasy, heavy or wet looking and I can style my hair as usual.  
While initially I was a little shocked at how big the bottle is, I find that I really like the size.
I love this straightner.
Makes it shiny and not frizzy
Exfoliation fixes it all -- it helps my pores appear smaller, it improves skin texture, it keeps my skin clearer and softer...
What seems to work well as a summer facial protection/make-up strategy is to first put on a moisturizer with good sunscreen, then put on a primer (I like l'Oreal primers best), and then pat a bit of this powder on, removing the excess with a kabuki brush.
Most are GRAS "generally recognized as safe"  for use in food and cosmetics.  
It hydrates my skin well, but I cannot honestly say it reverses the effects of aging.
Good stuff...
I've tried transculcent powders in the past and have not been happy with them.
"wow - that smells REALLY good!"
This one is one of the better(if not best)
Good thing I like it but not sure about everyone else I come into contact with each day feels.
The scent is pleasant without smelling like harsh chemicals, which is always a plus when dealing with anti-wrinkle serums.
Great stuff!
Best mascara product there is.  
Nice changeup from my regular cologne.
Very good cleanser!  
Great colors!  
I'm one who loves peppermint toothpastes, although not the gel formulas.  
RECOMMENDED.
The scent is nice.
I feel like a lot of this product was wasted in the bristles, but I did like the coverage once I had it applied.
I love that this skin care kit is organic.  
Good grief, I wish I'd tried this product years ago.  
All right, this is going to be a weird review.
Most of all, it's really incredible at dealing with the crazy dryness that comes on with bitter winter weather.
This is definitely the best option if you are looking to minimize the appearance of pores (and who isnt?).
I'm always on the lookout for effective products.
It feels light and comfortable on my combination skin, and the case is quite pretty.
Yes Very good razor.
Thank You!However, an important fact to remember:  on the label, it states "avoid inhalation."  
I'm bummed, because it smells awesome, but it just doesn't do what it is supposed to do.
I really love how it smells.
The scent is lovely, it reminds me of a sweet fruit.
Mom loves using the ELEMIS skincare line of products.  
The Added SPF30 protection makes it great for sunny weather.  
Great product indeed.
I'm very pleased with the results.
love Janes quality.
Awesome product!
It's a thick serum, with an earthy scent and an brownish orange color.
This product has a very sharp scent kind of like a perm, and just the fumes sting my eyes without even applying it.
I thought it gave just the right amount of bronze so I could add some light contouring to my fair skin.  
Works really well, very happy with it!
Love this stuff and the natural glow it gives me all day long!!
Not something I would normally choose but women seem to like it which is definetly important.
Been using this stuff for years and works very well!
but tastes differ.
The hair was soft, but the results were not better than drugstore hair products.
Really good razor.
Love this serum, it hydrates and plumps skin.  
The quality is very nice.  
It's like hard butter.
It smells amazing, like honey, but not too strong.
My husband really likes this shower gel.
No break-outs yet (huge pro in my book) however I like to use products for a week before I say it works for sensitive skin.- Smells nice initially-
I thought this was a good buy but I am not sure it was as strong as the one I saw in the salon.  Could not find info on how strong it was.
During the summer I'm on my motorcycle or in the pool.
This is a nice sunscreen with just the right amount of tint to hide minor imperfections.  
The design of the bottle was strange.
I like the texture of this foundation.
Very thick, this foot cream works well to soften your feet.
It seems like the majority of reviewers don't know what a "pomade" actually is, so my first point is to clear this up.
I like the light scent - really airy so it doesn't feel like you're caking your face with something.  
The glove is great since no more burns (really you could buy a glove to use with any heating iron).  
Wonderful color!
I don't feel like it has made much of a difference.
I purchase this to see if shellac would come off easier.
The 4 and 1/2" box (great for travel) contains a 3 and 1/2" bottle (7.5ml) of liquid make-up remover with a wand attached to the cap.  
I really like the nice manly fragrance.  
It's a well made hair wand but your hair slips off.
Like normal, healthy hair.  
Plus my hair doesn't feel clean, even though it smells pretty good.
Enjoy!
Don't fret, a pea size amount can cover face and neck.
Mustela bath gels are the best for keeping clean.  
I fly a lot and my skin really dries out in airplanes.
Wonderful color, true to photo!
This is a luxury item and is priced as such, although not as expensive as some.  
This product is really lightweight, non greasy, and leaves your skin feeling great.  
I don't like heavy scents and ones that are overwhelming.  
However, I'm finding that I would prefer to use a product that cleans as well, but is better for sensitive skin.  
This is much milder than the Clinique brand I am using.  
I love this stuff, I use it tat night after I have used  my shower face brush.
It is a good self-tanner.
It is made of latex-free sponge.  
It is paraben free and has many botanical ingredients like Argan oil and truffle extract.  
Kind of burns your eyes.
My gf liked it a lot.
I've seen Excellent results from this vitamin C L-ascorbic acid, a potent antioxidant that skincare experts around the world consider an anti-aging Miracle!
Love the scent, and although have reactive skin do not find these irritating.
I love this easy to apply formula that is very buildable.  
(Since updated after this review)  My wife has dry skin and can only use it 1-2 days per week.
But it is super slick and just the best feeling stuff that I have come across in ages.  
Works great for tight curls.
Fine lines are less noticeable.
It does a good job of clearing up my skin and it doesn't dry me out.  
I love this cleanser!!!  
However, my hair felt very soft and shiny - a very nice feeling.  
The next day I felt safe enough to use it all over my face, except near my eyes, which they warn against doing.
Makeup is easy to apply over it, though I admit to using only brow pencil and eye shadow.
This cologne has a very light scent that is not overpowering or cloying.  
I like it too.
However, it also fails to hold a style to any significant degree.
It has a fresh, floral scent.
I really like this cleanser!
Absolutely a beautiful color.  
Great products!
Yes to Cucumbers Eye pad and cream combo (I found that at Target, its like $3).
Like their other products this seems to accentuate rather than hide acne scars.  
My husband and my daughter didn't like it either.  
A bit thick but feels good on my skin.
Not good for dates!!
This is a pleasant, refreshing body scrub.
The polish goes on like the name states, like butter.  
It is probably one of the best facial sunscreens I have owned, including those I paid megabucks for at the dermatologist.
However, this Eau de Perfume is a little milder, maybe due to less alcohol content, making it smell more like a classier designer perfume.  
It's a very nice shave gel, but it is nothing special at all.
I really like this Sun Screen because it is so light on the skin, that it is easy to forget you have it on.  
Nice shimmery "turquoise-y" blue.  
It's really nice to use when working with nail vinyls as it is a true one coater.
It could feel more like a scrub...
I have used glosses before and like this one very much.
It's ok.  
The scent is deep and mature.  
This is similar to the Laroche Posay BB blur.
In the pencil it looks like a garish bronze, but on the eye it is a very flattering, soft brown color.
Thank you for making this new size.
VICHY MINERAL POOR PURIFYING FACIAL CLAY MASK, 2.54 FL OZ goes on easy, and a little goes a long way.
The best thing about this eye-liner for me is that it lasts.  
A good product!
Been using for a while and do notice a difference in skin firmness and overall brightness, not as much in pore refining though...
Smell is excellent and you only need a small amount.
I love round containers, they are quite convenient, and gives me the feeling of luxury.
It is a great neutral color.  
lone it.thank you Very good for a.m. use
Also, this is great for thinning and fine hair, it is gentle and non-drying / non-damaging.
bliss Leave it to cleavage sounded like a good match for me.  
The one big downside to this is that it is very pricey.  
I think the product applied with a brush in moderation works just fine even with my light tone.
LiftActiv Supreme Moisturizer: I actually liked this product quite a bit.
Personally I like the smell, it's nice but not too strong.
wow!
The reviews were great, and they were also supposed to help with fine lines and wrinkles!
I'm going to try the hot tools 1181 and see if it's any better.
it's great for an accent color on  top.
And I love that this is a cruelty free product- not tested on animals.
Even at sp24, which would be perfect screening for day to day wear, the heaviness made it uncomfortable to use.  
There's no doubt that this is an absolutely gorgeous set.
I really like this shower gel!  
It curls better and faster than any other curling iron I've used.  
Very nice.
I love amber.  
Will last a really long time.
It will be super easy to use this up in a week so 7 months will be no challenge.
Toppik fibers are good, but this product is useless.
It does act as sunscreen which is a nice bonus.
but it is quite nice.
Pretty color; the picture doesn't give it any justice; looks much better in person.
I love that this is soap free, yet it leathers nicely
I would LOVE this product if it wasn't for the strong scent.
This base polish works very well with any polish.  
The honey beige color is very very dark.  
Smells just like fresh clothes, clean and light, great for summer!!!
The hair responds as it dries, the scalp feels wonderful from the mint, and you don't think about the cost.
So far all of the products have felt good and smelled great.  
Though the Herbal Hydrating Serum feels thick it doesn't feel greasy or oily.  
I gave this to my husband and he balked at the price it's selling for, and when he actually used it for the first time, he was not overly impressed.
This comes out like a white lotion that's a bit thin, and it is very easy to apply.  
Works good to correct any overage of nail color.  
The scent was nice and subtle.
Beautiful coverage.  
I typically do face masks in a long bath, and the heat from the bath seems to keep this one wet.
It has a very large silver cap and the inside has a pointed very large tip to it.  
But believe me, you can do better at a better price.
Like 4-5 different products too :)
Check the company's shade chart for best results; I have used two in the fair column and both work well.
It kills the dryness on my bleached hair but doesn't weigh it down - in looooooooveee.  smells good and has a lavender tint that is great for diminishing some brass.
It's hard to imagine why this off-putting scent was added to a product like this.
Accordingly, the manufacturer included gloves with the iron to prevent you from hurting yourself but I'd rather have a temperature control instead.
For the per ounce cost, I think I'd rather buy some really nice L'Occitane lotion.
I found the quality to be very good, but of course, you're paying $18 for one eyeshadow, for .05 oz of product.
Nice ingredients, no noticeable brightening, but great moisture and no irritation.
NUXE RELAXING FRAGRANT WATER, 3.3 FL OZ comes in a nice bottle, the fragrance if nice, and it is easy to apply.
Other than those things, though, I do think this is a good eyebrow pencil, and I would recommend it.
It just doesn't smell as deep and rich as most Montale parfum.  
Pleasant smell.
Not a huge difference, it doesn't look like I'm wearing mascara or falsies, but it is noticeable.  
This Almond variety is nice for both women and men---the fragrance is not like heavy perfume at all.
This color looks great with my warm toned, fair skin.
Gelatin like mask.  
This product also has a few ingredients that are cool and interesting because they are the sort of ingredients that some hair likes and some doesn't.  
Love this stuff.
I've used this product for over 8 years and I've never loved a cleanser like I do Nia 24.  
I didn't like this night cream because it was too strong, but maybe it will be the perfect for men.
The Quick-Fix Concealer Stick is amazing.
Smells pleasant, glides on skin wonderfully, pump is easy to use...
I have fine hair and this weighed it down a bit too much but my hair felt super soft and shiny!
This is a nice little blush.
It's not horrible.
It's a pretty bottle, although rather small, and it smells nice and moisturizes well, but for the price tag I expect to see some visible improvements but we were disappointed, I can't recommend.
My favorite departments in This Old House are "Around the House", "Toolbox", and "Salvage".
I love the Magazine.
Honey, let's re-do the bathroom in these chic new colors.
I know this is a weight watchers magazine but it felt like it was trying to sell the program on almost every page.
This is a wonderful magazine if you are a fan of - as the magazine title says - Country Living.
This magazine has been consistently good for years now.
I love cooking for family!
It's very impressive looking, isn't it?
Wife loves it
I got ESPN the Mag in high school and it was great.  
I love Reader's Digest and can't wait for this subscription to start.  
This is a typical magazine with not a ton of real stories and a lot of ad's.
At first I thought this magazine was going to be just about fashion fest and have a lot of pretty pictures but after previeing it for a year, I found that the articles are very informative, thought provoking and downright educational.  Would recommend this magazine for a well rounded experience that includes mental health, fashion, makeup/skincare, life and at times articles that touch on extraordinary things like abortion issues.  
He still loves it and reads it cover to cover and sometimes even get clever ideas from it for our boy scouts.
A really good general dog-lover's mag.  
Additionally, the health and fitness pull outs in each issue are wonderful!
Classic magazine, look forward to it every month.
The price was right.
Always fun to take the couples quizzes.
Love this Magazine - Good Stuff
Natl. Geo. is still the best magazine available today.
Each issue includes one or two features articles from around the world.
I love glamour mag.
Don't lose your money like I did.
Great articles about the chefs and about food network.
I'm pretty into computers and gadgets.  
Food reviews- Feature articles-
Like in the December 2001 issue, Peter Fish wrote an article about The voice of Christmas which is about Bing Crosby.
He said that it is a good magazine though.
We enjoy reviewing the different and unique products shown in the magazine.  
It's a good magazine for those who like to stay informed.
And that's enough for me.
It has down to earth and elegance within it's pages like a really good old friend whom you are oh so comfortable with:)
Great magazine!
I like Time a lot and I have been reading this magazine for many years.  
Cooking light has great recipes.  
W also has superb photography, photography that borders on Art.
Recommended!
"Dwell" is my favorite of all the design magazines I read regularly.
This was sort of a test; many reviewers have said it's VERY hobby, with little in-depth info.
but I find tons of useful articles and actually have really enjoyed receiving the publication.
I got a subscription to this magazine for $5, which was a good thing because I was disappointed with this magazine.  
A perfect year round gift for the little ones!
Seems like there isn't as much content to the magazine now.  
Unsubscribing from auto renew is very easy, so not a big issue.
Found that it has too much gardening and design info for my taste.
It is hard to tell the advertising from the articles in this magazine.
Overall, this is still a good publication.
Love this magazine and so do the two co-workers who got a one year subscription to it.
Ok, but not great.
Great read with lots of videos - love watching the movie trailers after reading the reviews.
Elle Decor delivers.
There are several magazines I like better than this one, but this one is okay.
I'm really enjoying this magazine, due to the articles, the way the magazine is organized, and what's included.
Truly an educational periodical with beautiful photos showing life in all parts of the world.  
Great ideas.  
The price was within my budget and they got a subscription to an great magazine.
What can I say about any Nat Geo product, all first class, great reading, interesting articles about unusual places to go
It is common to find lists like "World's 100 Greatest Pinot" or "The 50 Finest California Reds".
Happy Cooking
Car and Driver is great, lots of quality articles and pics.
Great subscription.
I don't have the same desire to cook as I had when I was younger, but I still enjoy the same desire to drool over the pictures!
(Although, I feel like this is a weaker version of Elle.)
What a fun magazine to receive every month!  
I enjoy each issue.
Whomever thought that this was the best show ever on TV really needs to watch more TV.
Great magazine for any one who loves the bicycle.
As a business magazine, Forbes does an excellent job at delivering succinct articles about business, economics, and stocks.
Some of the articles are pretty silly, and a lot of them do not apply to my location (Alaska), but this is magazine is put together well and has some interesting ideas.
It's overall quality as source is improving with time.
As a tester of equipment, I can think of non other than Consumer Reports who are as thorough.
Have subscribed to this magazine for several years, and love it.
LOVE IT
These are renewal only for older son's birthday and a continual birthday gift, he likes to read and stay involved.
I love this magazine.
Full transparency I am a former US Marine
This issue had a recipe for a delicious tuna salad with roasted red pepper and grape tomatoes.
Too small to see a magazine page.
Nice magazine, not too many ads.
As always thanks from my kitchen to yours!
POSITIVESLots of helpful hints about how to improve yourself -- slim down, get stronger, be your bestVERY MOTIVATIONAL to be or remain HEALTHYAfter purchasing this magazine and getting a few months I gave it to several friends as gifts and all the gals loved itGREAT GIFTBe happy, be healthyFitness, fashion, beauty, style, exercises you can do at home without a gym and financesGREAT read  HIGHLY RECOMMEND
A sad end to a once great journal.
Charlotte Swincicki

I do like the new "work" feature they added though.
I love reading fashion and gossip magazines and this gives me the best of celebrity styles and trends.
Cosmo is one of my favorite magazine.
As mentioned in a previous review, I would be fine with being employed until Im at least 85.
Love this magazine!  
I have honestly learned some very valuable facts from this entertaining women's publication.
keeps me in touch with the rich and famous
nice to use magazines as gifts.. they are greatly received usually and something to look forward to instead of bills in the mail, lol
These articles are lavishly illustrated by beautiful photographs that augment the articles in a meaningful way.
This is a great improvement over Elizabeth Mayhew, who took over as editor for Jane Chesnutt and served in that role from 2010 to 2012.
I love the magazine, the photos are stunning and it is the perfect distraction when I am running on the treadmill.
The item came in excellent conditions, well packed, very nice NEW, no defect, as i expected. . . . .
Ok magazine.a lot of the reciepes use ingredients, spices not readily available where I live.
I LOVE & RECOMMEND THIS MAGAZINE!
The best bargain for this type of magazine.  
It's a good magazine, but I just wanted to cut down on the excess of magazines that I had being delivered.
Couldn't believe the variety of articles: 1)Why companies are "selling" product for free;2)Autism from the inside view; 3)The re-floating of a capsized cargo ship..carrying over 4,000 Mazdas by a salvage company..and so on.
I also like the ratings of gadgets and explanations of "what is it?" as far as older or obscure kitchen items.
This is a great magazine for those who are though.
Highly recommend
NOT WHAT IS USED TO BE.  
This is a great easy enjoyable read.  
While there are a few book reviews for foodies to enjoy, the writing introduces cooks to international flavors and seasonal fare.
Great magazine with great recipes!  Would buy again, but only if it ended up being as good as a deal as I initially got!
This was given as a gift, but I won't be renewing since he doesn't like it as much as Popular Science
The teens love the magazine in our home.
This is a good magazine, but I find level of advertising annoying.
Good investment.
I love the artistic photography.  
Rachael id's cool.
What a wonderful magazine!There is so much here of interest to ladies "of a certain age" and their younger friends.
This is simply a great magazine for kids!  
Happy Reading
It was like winning the Nobel to have a paper chosen for publication.
I like this as I can pick it up and read it whenever I have a few minutes available.
Very informative, lovely photographs and great recipes.
i read it cover to cover and then again.
Finally,  I have also discovered that I no longer love to cook - old age does that to you.....!
They love it!!
Interesting articles but odd recipes.
If you are an Elle Fan than of course this is probably a good deal.
Lesson learned.  
Excellent Value!
I have always liked this magazine and decided to put it on my Kindle.
I'm not a southerner
Well worth the money.
Great magazine for little kids.
but but verand and traditional home won the toss to keeep
I enjoy the restaurant reviews, its helpful knowing of a few good suggestions when traveling, or even locally.  
I breeze through it to look for any plain boring stuff they might have (not very often).  
Nice magazine.
When I think of my favorite outdoor adventures I don't think about the equipment I used, or the many and wonderful modern conveniences I brought along.
I watched a program on television once about Good Housekeeping.  
I love motorcycles.
Nice pictures and some good recipes.  
Cosmo is just bad, the cover "models" are bad, the articles are horrendous.
So far this magazine really misses the mark.
Not only is this a fun magazine to read, but it's interesting, informative, and a great collectible!!!
Quality journalism-
Love this magazine
Have always appreciated the wine articles and reviews of my favorite beaverage.
The clean, color-themed pages are easy on the eyes.  
Expensive travel recommendations
The magazine is big, glossy, and provides enjoyable reading.
Just my opinion....
GQ is a publication that merits the adjective 'legendary'.
Photographs of beautifully decorated homes throughout the year keep me renewing my subscription!
I really recommend Redbook as a gift for yourself or a friend!
IF YOU LOVE COUNTRY YOU WILL ENJOY THIS MAGAZINE.  
The hat, not so much
Good price.
I got it for a good price so was really happy with this purchase.
Like most men in their twenties I was a car guy.  
The anonymously written articles are annoying.
The perfect magazine to "take me away."
Love everything about it as a new artist.
i love this magazine.
something new and exciting.
Some favorite monthly articles are "Art Clinic" and "Technical Q&A", which always have useful tips.
Always was one I would buy at the store.
In general, a good read.
Truly a magazine that makes you think, ask questions, and takes you places w/o the worry of food poisoning.
I like TV Guide to plan my viewing, but it is frequently wrong in the listings.  
If you haven't read the New Yorker you should.
ALREADY KNOW I WILL LOVE IT BECAUSE OF THE STUNNING PHOTOGRAPHY THROUGHOUT THE MAGAZINE!
great gift for the sports lover
I also love the size of this magazine, it fits easily into my purse.
This magazine is always interesting and has great writers.
Excellent magazine.
Purchasing process was easy and the price was great.
I love Mother Earth News because there's something for everyone in it - farmers, small gardeners, backyard livestock owners, survivalist preppers, home-canners and organic food lovers.  
This is a great gift for a teacher or a person who has children.
Healthy ingredients.  Loved the bookmarks provided.  
Great for the budding chef (think college student gifts) or the gal or guy addicted to the Food Network.
To see the coolest clothes, hair and even questions we were too scared to ask anyone.  
The gear reviews are why I buy this magazine.
Many great ideas for any homeowner.
Great magazine.  
For the most part, I like my sports articles to be short and to the point, and interesting.  
I also subscribe to LA times, the Washington Post and The Arizona Republic but this is my favorite news since business really does make everything else possible.
It's great.
too advanced/suggestive for pre-teen-11-12 yr old- clothes ok, articles not for young readers
ALWAYS FUN to look thru.
O continues to be a well written, informative yet entertaining view of the world and who is in it.
I finally canceled it because they couldn't get it right.
I love recipes and meal ideas that spice up a dinner!
Not many magazines can take you around the world and you not leave your chair.  
In an age where "People" magazine and "Enquirer" are bestsellers, this lovely magazine is a treasure.
it's a magazine.
Kenneth Haft
Great magazine.
Boring.  
Elle magazine is a fashion lover's dream.  
But overall, I still think Men's Journal is a good magazine.
Bravo.
I am pleased with the first issue received and look forward to others in the future.
I feel like if I miss an issue that I'll miss some important information.
Conde Nast editors at Teen Vogue just publsihed an article promoting Anal Sex to Teens...
You like guns?
Great for kids.  
Love the print magazine that I have subscribed to for many years and given as gifts.  
The New Yorker keeps me up to date with every aspect that makes New York the most eclectic city in the world.
It is great.
Advice and articles on color furniture.
Every issue is packed full of GORGEOUS photos - not just your typical panorama/landscape photos, but also candids of the culture, landmarks, people, street scenes, and day-to-day life.
"People Magazine" is not meant to teach you anything.
This is a fun magazine, and it has good ideas.
this is a wonderful magazine  that has wonderful tips on everything useful in our daily lives  i have learned so much from this magazine.....  finance, house hold management, cars, appliances and sooo much more ....  well worth the high price as compared to other mags out there
I love to cook.
Such as:  use a sunscreen when you drive/ try this one: and then it lists a specific brand of sunscreen without saying why it was so good, etc.  
Love that it features different types of receipes that don't require tons of ingredients either
Both of these articles provided solid input into two buying decisions I'm likely to make in the new year.
Good photography.
It also covers important information on taxes, retirement, paying for tuition, mortgages, and making good car buying (or leasing) decisions.
This reviewer travels almost constantly as part of his work.
"Lucky Magazine" is a good magazine if you are looking for fashion ideas that are classy bargains.
I like to use health magazines to both motivate me and give me new ideas on workouts and fun things to do.
I love watching Food Network but I can't say that I like this magazine.  
this is NOT one of those magazines.
This is a good magazine, but I can read it for free at library.
Great magazine love the recipes I tell all my friends that it is a good magazine to get if they need to get a good recipe
While I don't always pick their choice, it helps to avoid lesser rated items/brands that I might have been tempted to buy.
Great Magazine for funny facts.
Good Housekeeping, like many magazines if its ilk, makes its money on advertising.  
This magazine always has such great recipes that are both easy to make and tasty.
Photography beautiful.
You are training your eye in what the best designers find beautiful.  
(Insert one of my 'yes' tab stickers here!)
What this magazine should be named is "Franchises".
Always a joy to read!
Thank you Kindle for giving me another way to read my favorite magazine!
Fiction is now published annually.
One of my favorite magazines -- focuses on women who are past the parenting of children and provides a variety of information -- not just style or makeup, but good, solid, articles on all aspects of life.
We enjoy review the different recipes, food reviews and new items shown in the magazine.  
Many ideas and very informational to plan family activities.
Lots of good advice in the magazine.
Will not be auto renewing this, my daughters ages 15 and 17 do not like this magazine.  
Inspiring and beautiful magazine that will help you make your house a home.  
ESPN magazine is good for skim reading.
Brother in law loves it
This is a very nice magazine and I really do like it.
Good magazine.  
I love COUNTRY LIVING design.  
Bonnier is not my recommendation for a Magazine subscription provider
I always keep back issues.
People love to have a special treat and if you like doing nice things for others this will inspire you to gift with gusto.
Did not find Health magazine was the one for me.
Definitely not very many clean and modern or classic interiors featured.
Love this magazine....so much to read.
Antoher great favorite of mine.  
If you're like me, you'll save back issues for some time and share with friends.
Not to mention the great crafts and projects and foods to make!  
Flower power showed some of the floral fabrics, wall papers and accessories that brighten up a home.
So what genre is Vanity Fair in exactly?
I got this Subscription to Esquire for a super low price and it's a good magazine but not really necessary for my life.
Great magazine.  
GH has always been one of my favorite magazines since I was a little girl.  
Perhaps a 3.5 to 4 stars may have been better.
Always good ,bought it for many years
This is a beautiful magazine and feels like you are at the beach when you look through it.
As I have said twice before...a gossip magazine is a gossip magazine.  
The best deal regularly offered is through the website.  
I want my money back!!!!!
These guys are definitely about the pictures.  
All the up to date news in the world of Science; written in basic easy to understand English.  
The featured articles are still good, though, and the beauty and fashion are worth a look.
Really educational and top notch.
The staff worked well together and they put out a consistently good magazine.
and this one is at the top of my fav list.
Manager of subscriptions is difficult to use.
But now that I am a home owner with a family I love to look through it!  
Very nice pictorials too.
In light of all this, this magazine is doing its best to maintains its quality.
i find this magazine to be wonderful with pictures and stories.  
The writing in Popular Science is very good, but as I said before, this magazine is intended more as a beginner's guide to science and technology.
Sad...
I found the magazine to have many interesting articles and departments.  
So far I'm enjoying reading through this magazine and seeing the wonderful art that's out there.  
The magazine is good
Great read for tech stuff
My husband LOVES this magazine and you cant beat Amazon's price.
Redbook deserves a five-star rating because it is an up-to-the-minute, forward-looking magazine that for me never disappoints and I have subscribed to it for many years.
Between general world news, science, technology, medicine, business and even book reviews.  
I tried to contact Active Interest Media, like usual everything is harder than it has to be.
I gave it a 3 star because its not as long as the print one I used to buy.
I fully recommend "The New Yorker.
Beautiful magazine
I love this magazine.
And great writing is still at the forefront of the magazines agenda.  
Flipping through the magazine, I saw some good, okay, and bad features.
Great magazine with pretty, creative idea's for the whole house.  
It is an OK magazine but will not reorder.
This was a gift last year, that he absolutely loved, so when his subscription ran out I got him a new one through amazon.
Cheap price
This magazine is such a disappointment now.  
It has excellent coverage of a lot of the entertainment industry.
Great Magazine!  
I enjoyed it as a teen in the 70s and 80s.  
Oh, how sad...

Great places to go, wonderful decorating, recipes to save and the gardening is my favorite.
New topics I had not thought to try.
I got this for my grandma as a gift and she likes it so 5 stars!
That it's great and has a lot of information in each issue .
That is why I actually give it some good stars.  
And at a great price.
Another great magazine.
I love looking at the outfits the celebrities wear and trying to re-create them with thrift store clothes.  
I hope this magazine never goes digital-only,.
Address changes are easily made also.  
I subscribe to about 20 magazines and Wired is by far my favorite.  
The pictures are bright and colorful.
Great articles plus a good price for a subscription.
Cook's Illustrated is the Consumer Reports(tm) of the food world.  
and I do enjoy some of the articles.
Great little magazine.
I have kept Better Homes and Garden because it is consistent with it's articles, gardening hints and recipes (both pratical and precise).
Her comment was, "I like this, but I would have loved it a couple years ago.
One of my favorite articles in particular was about a European island where people typically lived to be over 100.
my husband insists on having this magazine above all others and he buys it fo gifts for his science bent grandchildren
BWD is a perky standard for birders both casual and serious.
I bought my first issue of this magazine last month and I loved it!!  
I only received one magazine, although the content was enjoyable, the fact that no other issues have been delivered is not good.
A Classic magazine I grew up on and I will always love it!
I enjoy the read and have picked up a lot of great ideas from it.
Excellent paper and color separation.  
Better Homes has up to date, yet practical ideas for the home: decorating, family living, food preparation, gardening, and easy on the budget projects.
And, this friend is NOT a guy!  
I love the mag!
Did not like this magazine, to much advertisements
Cancelled subscription.
Great magazine that covers every subject.  
This mag has a few good ideas but no exactly on the pulse of my life.
Good family recipes (that don't take hours to make) and lifestyle tips, including decorating, money, fashion (not million dollar, but actually attainable).
I always look forward to reviewing the latest issue.
Looks nice on the Fire!!
The latest gizmos are dastardly creative!
Gone are the great tales of survival and adventure (except in one issue per year).  
I have bought this publication for many years and am never disappointed with the content.  
We love this magazine in our house.  
Pictures are Great
Redbook magazine is not what it used to be.  
If it is in Vogue, it IS in fashion!
Parents magazine is a great resource that has been well worth the small subscription price.
Forbes delivers a variety of unique perspectives not found elsewhere and is kind of like a monthly WSJ in editorials and opinion.
I just don't like girly magazines!Update:
It is important to invest stocks with good leaders and the articles are educational and also warned the investers of companies that are failing or going out of business.
Overall a very healthy book.
Nice magazine for great ideas in home and my garden!!!  
Overall ok.
I'm not a tea or coffee person, so this magazine isn't my... favorite (you probably thought I would say isn't my cup of tea!)
Most of the non-feature articles are around five hundred words.  
Have been away from Family Circle magazine for awhile; glad I'm back to reading it!
The price is right and for $10 it a great investment as you most likely find a few things each month of interest.
So I love this magazine.
what I really like about the magazine is that its clean.
Full of Ads- Most articles are boring
Great product, great articles.
This is a great resource if you are NOT a techie, but need to work with them.  
It has great articles that appeal to almost everyone, humor, great advice, etc.  
You can tell when a magazine is good when you pick it up repeatedly to read.
My Favorite car magazine and I see a lot of them.  
As far as the magazine goes, from my past issues I find it the homes they feature have a great balance between modern, eclectic and chic design - definitely leans toward lux!
It gets very annoying sometimes.
Highly recommend!
Women's Day is a good magazine with lots of small articles.
Cool stuff to inspire me
Other highlights include excellent science articles and brief book reviews.
Purchased two subscriptions for two coworkers who love this magazine.
My first issue arrived within a month and had some interesting articles.
This magazine is easy to read and has beautiful pictures and very good articles.
I really enjoyed Self magazine for many years.  
Very cool and informative.
Most of the equipment discussed in Men's Journal is for the magazines target audience with the appropriate disposable income; that's not me.
This is one I love for art students, collectors, artists, and designers.
those of you who do weight watchers, will enjoy this.
In Style is a favorite of mine, due to the layout, the information between the monthly covers, and the beauty of the magazine in general.
I love Cook's Illustrated.  
I enjoy the recipes, gardening and decorating tips that come with this magazine.
The pages display wonderful images that take me back home.  
Pretty good magazine.  
It's not that $18 is expensive its just that out of a 12 issues 4 maybe really awesome and the rest are so bad you can't believe it's O magazine.
Great deal and my wife loves it.  
Good Housekeeping has it all - wonderful recipes, health tips, diet tips, articles, parenting advice, product reviews - and delivers it with the warmth of a beloved next door neighbor.
It is a good mix of articles.
There were some pretty good stories in it.
This is a great magazine to stay informed on the entertainment world.  
This magazine started out really good.
This is a good magazine with quite a few great ideals and cute updates for around the house.  
There are still several good articles in each issue of GQ, combined with a few too many articles about relationships.
It's Oprah, what's not to love?
Surprisingly I have also cut out a few recipes from this magazine as well-a little foodie surprise.
Some recipes which looked interesting to try:California Steak SaladQuick Chicken FajitasBurger
I bought this magazine for my husband and I to enjoy.
Really nice magazine with a different flavor to it.  
Yup, gotta say, good movie, I enjoyed it.
This was a great movie, still is.
I really like it, because Harrison Ford narrates and explains alto of what's going on
I don't like Seven.  
Its a really great movie.
There is much more to be said about Gattaca, and it is best left unsaid for the viewer to see the movie and experience it.
For now.  Rated PG.
my left foot is a wonderful movie it shows people that people with diabilities can do everything they put their minds to!
There are two DVD versions, and their price differential is  minimal enough to make buying the regular version a waste.  
Based on the strength of this performance, it is easy to see why Newman became such a star.
This movie was adorable and funny.
Both movies have great jokes, good characters, excellent special effects, and plenty of  scares.  
because it was a travesty to have Brad Pitt play the greatest warrior ever.
Every  word of the song is so true and so touching I screamed for sheer joy the  night it won the Oscar for Best Song.
This is a great Movie!
Gattaca is a great example of how science fiction films should be produced today in Hollywood.
Overall this disc is a great special release, and even if you already own the original, get this one.
I also found the movie to be about 30 minutes too long.
Perhaps some other reviewer can explain why this is so.  
I liked it.
But, great for Halloween parties in the background...
The story is pretty simple.
this movie is made in 1992,i was
Milla Jovovich is a severely underrated actress she is great as Alice.
This is a pretty good psychological thriller.  
Glad I made the purchase!!
It's just not a good movie because of the storyline mainly.
You youngsters, check this out to see how gorgeous a B/W film can be.

All in all, this is an excellent flick.
Absolute Classic!
Ford mutters to himself better than any actor, and he gets to do a good bit of that while he's below decks.
Need i say more!
There isn't much to add to to the other reviews.
Brock Peters is terrific as Tom Robinson, and Estelle Evans is wonderful as the much-loved Calpurnia.
The TV Series was Better.
Isn't one you'll  soon forget, as a lot of movies oftentimes are very forgettable.
This is one of those movies you never get tired of watching.
Clint Eastwood is brilliant as always and I really enjoyed Vonetta McGee.  
It has his humor and worth seeing but there's better ones of his movies out there!!
This is the last Elm St. movie worth watching.  
Great Bob....thanks for your timeless humor.  
As expected, the Blu-ray version is crisper and more detailed than the standard dvd, and quite enjoyable.
This is a sci-fi movie you just must see.  
Who in the world would not like this movie?  
Why, I have been a Scientologist for over twenty years, and it only cost me $36,000 to achieve the state of Clear!  
One of my favorite movies of all time.
Fantasy has become translated to either the hobbits or Disney.  
The extras are good, although they're pretty much the same as the DVD extras.
One of Hitchcock's best films.
Great stuff.
This movie is creepy in a dark comedy sort of way.
Along the way he meets a robot who didn't know she was a robot, and begins to wonder if perhaps hunting down robots is such a wonderful thing.
Michael Collins is a good movie to see if you want to gain a little knowledge of Irish history.
Its a great movie.
Great movie  with lots of action and a great soundtrack
This is a good movie.  
Great movie with a great message.
Such a wonderfully romantisized groupie movie.
The filmmakers do an incredible and difficult job of cutting the book down to filmable size.  
finally.  beautiful, endlessly fasciniating.
I did not find this a very good movie.  
"Skin Jobs" :)just too slow ... too old!!
I BOUGHT THIS MOVIE AROUND
I saw this movie when it first came out and enjoyed it almost as much some five decades later!
The sound track is filled with classics of the time.
not just a sports movie - a Quixotic romance on a grand scale; witty and  romantic, it says a lot of funny things about boys and our games; golf  scenes are suspenseful, majestic, lyrical; entire cast (including a dozen  or so PGA pros) is perfect; the best of Ron Shelton's movies all rolled  into one.
Not as much of a favorite to me as Dracula or bride of Frankenstein, but then I'm more of a Lugosi Fan than a Karloff one, but nonetheless.
Kurt Russell proved he is an excellent actor even when given precious little dialog and a good script.  
Also, the soundtrack is classic rock at it's best.
good thing that didn't happen because, how would i explain that to my mom!
good romp with some funny moments.
Kurt Russell  though is good.  
It lacks some of the tension of the likes of Frankenstein in its 'horror' moments, but deserves a lot of credit for being a well thought out (if not quite unusual) story of the time.
You have to judge this for yourself.
What a great Movie!!  
I've seen this movie many times and always enjoy watching it.
It is one of the great movies, making a number of "best of" lists.  
My favorite scene is the snow dance in the middle of the film.
It was a very romantic movie.
I love this movie!  
Not to be missed.
This is another excitng movie from MILLA JOVOVICH the modern day Lauren Bacal.
Rumpole is an unlikely hero, both sarcastic and grumpy, and as politically incorrect as possible.  
I liked Robin Williams in this role.
Important things like that should be stated on the box in huge font.
Fantastic movie...reminds me of my own childhood growing up.
Not James Bond.
Yes, the effects are good, even by today's standards, but it is boring!  
beauty and the beast - bell's magiclal world (special edition)seen a few too many times but great family movie for little kids.
Yet...this movie is perfect.
It is funny if you like Arnold Schwazznegger movies.
The only actor that keeps afloat the movie is Gene  Hackman.
What a despicable time.
Clint at his best.
Love this movie!  
Great Movie about the Spitfire !!!!  
Maybe more a film for our time now, than for when it was made.
And when I choose the language, what's with the fact that Chinese is at the top of the list and not English?
If you are a Monty Python fan, this is a great DVD to add your collection.
Gladiator had many of the excellent film and story traits this film has.
The DTS sound quality of the DVD is amazing here.  
This was a terrible movie.
Kudos for a fine showstopping film
Love the story and great for Sunday afternoon TV.  
One of my favorite movies, the price was so great.
A really good horror movie because it does exactly what it sets out to do.

My husband and I did enjoy it.
Although this was a generally entertaining story, the main character's predictably socialistic inclinations made him less likeable.
Great movie
There is a limited number of movies that one can say are gold medallions of excellence - this is one of those.
What a fine job.  
Instead of clips in film class...now I have this rendition, very happy with quality received.
It gave me goose bumps.
This is one of my favorite films!
All sci-fi fans should watch this excellent movie.
You actually feel like you are watching a professional assassin, minute by minute, this movie is f*&king cool, man...movies don't get better than this, sorry, but this is definitely one of the great ones, ever...
A fun story with some great twists, but it has a lot of heart too.
The best thing about  this film aside from the material it approaches is the handpicked cast.  
Script was entertaining and the art well done.  
And as for this movie's star, well, Paul Newman gives his best performance as Luke, who epitomizes the American rebel.
This is a great movie no doubt!
this movie has everything in it to make you feel it all from the bottom of your soul...
Great movie!!
I'm used to seeing Rutger Hauer in "B" grade films so this was a pleasant surprise.  
My older daughter got more out of the experience than the younger.
all it's own.
Great buy.
Air Force One is a good action movie with great actors.  
Nuff said!
What a movie!
Seriously, look up the music on youtube.
Beautiful restoration of the film.
Easy to believe that's the way a lot of people think-if you don't have a special roster your free-and if you're free you're a monster no one likes.
Albert Brooks is downright hilarious.  
I especially like Pillow Talk.  
This film is Clint Eastwood at his best!  
I love to analyze movies.
I have always loved this film, but the director's cut is even more beautiful than the American version.  
This movie although it was not written with the intent to; is a virtual manual on how to wage an urban guerrilla war.
A movie I believe gives people some real good insight into the afterlife.
This is one of my favorite movies.  
The accompaning write up mentioned Special Features, apart from the movie, one of the main reasons for purchasing.
This created a perfect comic couple.
It's Roger Rabbit in reverse!!!
oldie but still pretty good.
With all of the debates and international conferences going on and peace movements (which are sometimes very viloent)...and the books written about World Peace...
Great story lines, history, and actors.
Fright Night, Clownhouse, Halloween, Scream, and A nightmare on Elm Street are the five greatest Horror movie ever.  
Blade Runner is one of the best Sci Fi action movies EVER!!!!
Agatha Christie goes hand in hand with Helen Hayes!
Adrian!")!  
Very low budget film, basically filmed on what appears to be a mile of road, out in the Australian countryside.
Not much to say except CLASSIC!I recommend taking a look at the box set.
Good movie.  
This DVD is a classic SciFi action plot about what evolved robots competing with mankind.
Great series !!
Houseboat.
Just plain makes you feel good, and all good people should see it.
Overall excellent rating for content and quality.
Its good to see taht our prsent generation has preached toelrace for one's fellow man.  
You may not be able to tell a good book by its cover, but it seems to me that much of the time you can tell a good movie by its opening credits.
Great for a late night with a loved one and a big bowl of popcorn
Best acting chemistry in a duo- Johnny and Benicio...
good film.. not what I was expecting but Kevin co stars with one of my favorite TV personalities from Law and Order Criminal Intent.. Eams!!
"There can be only one!"
The movie itself is fancy but the scenes of erotic dance performed by Demi Moore are fantastic, Love to se it over and over again.carlos
"'Good idea, oh lord! '
The acting was not all that great
Noooo!"
I love this movie.
Although this movie is a classic and is pretty great with fantastic acting it drags a little bit in some parts.
This movie was no ones favorite, but it scared no one and was liked by all 5 children.  
To some believers, this seems quite fine and laudable.
In the years since it's initial pressing, Natalie Cole's UNFORGIVEN has not only been acknowledged as one of the greatest pop albums ever made, it's also become an unforgettable flashpoint in the landscape of modern popular culture, a beacon to a tempest full of bitter naysayers who refuse to believe that love ultimately conquers all.
was fun to see the man get his hand blown clean off, not a movie for young children but for us adults its a very fun timeless classic
One of my favorite movies.
I love that they didn't end up together.
In general, I am not in favor of American actors larding up their dialogue with distracting accents, but though Daniels looks great, he does not sound convincing as a Tidewater aristocrat.  
Supposedly this was the best of the original series...
The movie is a towering, cinematic and artistic achievement by perhaps the greatest director and cinematic artist of our time, Ridley Scott.
Everyone needs to see this movie at least once.
Another one of my all-time favorite movies, brought up to speed with a great Blu-ray transfer, finest kind sound and picture.  
Best:1)
Wonderful story, but saturated with gratuitous profanity.
A great Kevin Costner movie.  
Imagine a world where we can genetically engineer perfect human beings.
I forgot how cute this movie was and how great the actors portrayed their characters and struggles non-binary people come across.
I thought it was a different movie,  It was a good whoops though.  
Love this movie.
This fantasy horror is so much better than any FRIDAY 13TH because its original, and has a plot.
A formulaic plot that rises above through good dialog, great actors and great direction.
Cheesy, yes.  Old-fashioned?  
I watch it like once a year.
this is just a good old rip your heart type of movie.
The best of the series with Thunderdome a bit behind and the first one waaay back.  Didn't really dig that one.  
The fact that the blu ray case is a replica of the one from the film that holds the voight kampff machine makes the whole set even better.
wonderful dvd
so i wasn't expecting perfection.
Robin Williams' best movie performance!
it is still enjoyable.
A great movie that looks great on Blu-ray.
All the actors, without exceptions, give it their 100% and it really shows (the chemistry is AMAZING)!
Initially didn't know what to make of it besides the great score and cinematography.  
If you've watched enough movies, you'll know that old Dynamite sweats pure Nitroglycerin, so have fun with that.
It looks amazing in bluray.
It has its moments, but the is one boring film.
A BIG CLINT EASTWOOD  
Excellent cast, beautiful costumes, but a little slow in parts.
One of my favorite movies.
Kathy Bates proves once again her status as an outstanding actress with her role as Dolores Clairborne.
I would have to agree with everyone in here that this is one of Pacino's best films.  
Stone made several good film before this, culminating in Born on the 4th of July, but years of paranoia due to drug abuse produce this ADD film.  
I wished Blue-ray studios would restore old Blu-rays as incredible as Canal studio did with this movie.
Clear picture quality, vivid colors, great sound as well.  
One of the best movies ever made!
The makeup by the great Jack Pierce has never been equalled, and the  atmosphere is simply chilling.  
The great bit about the Black Knight is only a few minutes and is rather grim, yet it's silly and fun in keeping with the overall theme.
Outstanding movie and DVD.  
They did a great restoration so the clarity was magnificent in blu ray.
In a way, it's too bad, since Russell is a very accomplished actor.  
Funny, excellent story line and performance!
All in all, I'd say it's a weak movie, but not a bad movie.
Paul Newman at his finest.  
BTW, the movie is a classic "brat pack", and worth owning.
right-- i havnt seen this movie in years -- since it aired on tv long ago ha --glad i got it  -owens
I love this story, and when the bluray was finally available, I jumped at the chance to buy it!Jason Scott Lee is great at portraying the strength and optimism of Bruce Lee.
For those who love si fi movies, this is one of them that I enjoyed watching on Tv and being that this is going to be a gift to an elderly couple, I am sure they too will enjoy it.
The sound is excellent and really brings out the film.
I would recommend the dvd and seller.
This was a great horror movie and one that, because of the scares, I will not have the nerve to even watch again anytime soon.
I have seen this on tv enough to know I would enjoy it.
Demi Moore is an out of work FBI agent who's trying to regain custody of her child.
And people think this is a great movie?  
Scorsese beautifully filmed version of "TAOI" is better than Wharton's novel.
I purchsed this DVD based upon the list of actors.
A TV gem period series.
The Black Tower (I think that's the one--it begins with the body of a student found on the beach) or Josephine Tey's To Love and Be Wise with much more of the students involved.
Fine performances from Treat Williams as the  father who expects everything to fall into place, and as mentioned above, a  great performance from Michelle Pfeiffer as the mother who has to endure so  much pain.
wonderful movie.... in great shape..
I love all the Freddy's movies and this is really scary, I think this is the best part with the children an the psychiatric !
Great movie, with familiar actors.
Another classic that is just unforgettable!
As good as this cut is, THAT'S the version I'd like to see...I think people like the version without the voiceover because it's more mysterious and arty, and it disguises that fact that Blade Runner is basically a sci-fi version of a 40's detective movie.
Oh dear.

Great movie
Quite neat but onto the story.
All in all, this film is nothing like the video games.
This is great filmmaking.
If you like Albert Brooks, you'll like this.
This movie is good, but it could have been great.
Sweet, sweet movie.
A good investment of your money if you want to keep a young kid occupied for a while.
Frank's girlfriend is stopped.
("Moore" tickets?
A previous reviewer said don't buy the DVD because it was missing scenes.
This is a good movie on the battle lines of Hurtgen Forest,  which it's very realistic in blood galore.
The heroes, such as they are, consist of Allen Chaffee (Christopher Reeve), Jill McGowan (Linda Kozlowski), Frank McGowan (Michael Par), and Doctor Susan Verner (Kirstie Alley).
Great series aired from 1978 to 1992.
Scream Factory have done another good job here as the movie looks really good & has some nice extras.
While not as horrible as many critics would lead you to believe, Steven Spielberg's 1941 is somewhat of a bomb, considering the wunderkid's past record.  
Very good  flick filled with twists and turns.
Well done WWII film concerning the concept of heroism and just trying to stay alive.
Best vampire movie ever.
It's pretty much a joke of a movie but because I still have some love for the Spice Girls I was glad I'm able to have this for my collection.  
On March 24th Disney released Lilo & Stitch in a two disc "Big Wave" edition.  
Its the perfect movie for the whole family.
The Director's Cut is fantastic, but I like the internal dialogue of the original.
Games*A Stitch
A child of the 80's and a Molly Ringwald wanna be.
I thought that it was great
I know its bad ,cheesy and laughably unscary for a film that is supposed to be; but its so enjoyable that who honestly gives a damn?A perfect popcorn flick.
Not quite as good as "Indiscreet," but close.  
Happy to have it on DVD not VHS - the tape would excoriate very soon ...
The only good actors in this movie are Keenen Ivory Wayans and Brian Cox.
I was so disappointed because I love love this movie and wanted to watch it immediately, but it wouldn't work and I you tubed the problem and then realized I wouldn't be able to watch it without buying computer software.
Its an interesting story.
Excellent movie.
:(I still love this edited movie and I do recommend buying it.
This is a dreary, ugly piece of garbage.  
Quite simply it's a fun movie.
The facets that make Anderson's other movies so satisfying are not very well fleshed-out here.  
The blue-Ray transfer is spectacular and looks great for such a old movie.
I received it sooner than I expected and in great condition and am so glad to have such a wonderful  classic(actually 2  classics) to enjoy and share with my nieces and nephews.
I have watched this movie so many times, that I wore out my VHS tape, so I ordered it on DVD!
What is not to like about Daniel Day-Lewis?
The Jazz Singer - Neil Diamond (Import, All Regions),,,we love the movie but it appeared as though it was recorded on an analog DVD...this means that it was a fuzzy disc, not Digital or High DEF.
This is a good movie to watch with a group of stoners.
It really is amazing what we call entertainment; however, I did watch and like it!
I like the point it makes about getting to know someone before you pass judgment.
OK, The Right Stuff is one of my favorite movies of all times, but it was a movie.  
Parents will be able to tolerate but don't expect to be enthralled.
great movie shirley maclaine dose a great job as dose the all star cast it makes you cry and laugh
Two good movies.
My favorite character of the whole cast is the chipmunk.
'Unforgiven' has a lot of talk about past shootouts and how once Eastwood was the best dualer of them all.  
"American Psycho" is not a great film, but it has enough style and gloss to make you virtually disregard it's array of weaknesses.
This along with growing up with the PBS series from Carl Sagan, "Cosmos" gave me a great love for aerospace.  
The actors did a great job; who doesn't love Kathy Bates?
This is one of my all-time favorite suspense movies.  
Highly recommended.
With as little "real" evidence as there was, it was improbably that there could even have been a trial, let alone a conviction.
Like "Forrest Gump" 23 years later, Dirty Harry proved that immortality, and a lot of money, awaits for the Hollywood producer, director, writer or star who is willing to buck the ingrained, inbred, left-wing Hollywood herd.
Not as good as I thought it would be for a mystery thriller.
I like being made to think by some movies.
And Ralph Finnes has been in several of my favorite films, including Schindler's List and Quiz Show.
This is the best  war movie I have seen to date.
This is a movie for anyone born in the past 30-35 yrs.
The actor who portrayed Ichabod Crane and Captain Jack Sparrow to perfection was the best choice - perhaps the ONLY choice - to play the founder of Gonzo Journalism.
Aside from having a lot of famous actors in this movie, there wasn't any reason to enjoy the storyline.  

Laurence Fishburne is on hand as staff security at the institute.
Beauty and the Beast has always been one of my favorite fairytales, and in many respects it has been my favorite.  
This is the movie to pick you up.
It is a great film and often written off.
The quality of the DVD is great with amazing features as well.
Liam is perfect for the role, you can't go wrong with this if you are interested in the history of the troubles
A great suspenseful movie
Clint Eastwood as a  professor and part time hit man , when he's not ogling precious works of art and mountain climbing .
My cats could roll  better film in their litterbox!  
Great movie but the playing of it had some bad spots and IDK if it was my ISP connection or Amazon's glitch.
so it is way better than part two this is the best sequel
So it was with great reluctance that I bought my BlyRay player.  
This is one of the classic Cary Grant films, I loved every minute of it.  
VERY  WELL DONE PORTRAYAL OF  U.S. CAVALRY-INDIAN BATTLES OF THE OLD WEST  TIME PERIOD--LOVE THE LOCATION--MONUMENT VALLEY--VERY MUCH--GREAT ACTING AND A GOOD PORTRAYAL OF THE WAY IT WAS
There is not much really to say, this is THE Jim Carrey movie to see, and  the extras are cool too.
And this final cut looks better then ever.
Utterly fantastic retooling of the film.  
Enhanced audio is exquisitely clear and has superb imaging in 5.1.  
Great funny movie.
Hate being in someone else's trip.
This movie is just toataly awesome.
Good vendor, reliable.  
Suspenseful and riveting.  
High intensity, action packed and of course, the good guys always win.
This is not only the ultimate 80s teen flick - it may very well be one of the greatest films ever made.  
His portrayal of McMurphy is the best piece of acting that I have ever seen.
A brilliant movie.  
This is a fun little movie based around 3 guys in their mid-twenties who innocently choose to pursue a life of crime out of sheer boredom.
You would think that it could have been done in die cast metal, or even better...SCRAP THE TINKER TOYS!...and put in some cool literature or a hardcover art book....that would have been much better.
She wanted this movie because its a great movie if you like action.
Will my package arrive this item had a damaged retainer ring for one of the discs and as a result one of the Blu-ray discs was loose inside the case ordinarily this would be distressing
The Breakfast Club is a damn enjoyable film.
cult movie.
I have to say, I love it almost as much as, if not even more than the original!
This is an interesting and suspenseful movie with an excellent script.  
...they didn't get a real director to try getting this worthy of being viewed, especially with such a cast.....
Lovely, romantic movie.
Besides that, it was rather dull and not good.
I thought it was a pretty good movie, and I am not a Whitney fan.
Alfred Hitchcock and Cary Grant teamed up for a number of movies however this is by far the best Cary Grant Alfred Hitchcock collaboration great spy Thriller buy one of Hollywood's most Debonair Leading Men highly recommend watching
Like the book, this film teaches a very important lesson on racism old and new.
Jane herself is boring and emotionless, asks too many questions and incredibly bossy.
I'm now almost 42, and it's still one of my 100 favorite films number 17 to be exact.
A Bulls*** Hollywood movie--complete with gold-tinted memories and orchestral swells on top of voice-overs by a character you care nothing about.
It is annoying.
Okay, the "cheap" feeling stayed for somewhat longer.
This movie is brilliant.
Good for what it is and that's not bad.
loved it
Just saw this late last night and wow, this movie is sick but in a good way.
It was such a blessing to learn that this one was still up for grabs!Any Muppet fan will fall in love with A Muppet Family Christmas.  
My daughter has graduated from watching Elmo's world to watching Elmo's movies.
Sweet Dreams is a dream of a movie.
This was a great purchase and I'm thrilled to add it to my growing collection of The Avengers.
It is an ok movie, good to watch if you have never seen it.
I love all the Mel Brooks movies.
I would have to say that this is one of the best "made-for-TV" (on TNT) biblical films I've seen.
What is this movie doing in my list of greatest movies ever made?
Cute romantic comedy.
It is -- and I say this now as a film buff -- a great film.
The Holy Grail is stillmost enjoyable everytime I watch it.
The decision to require people like me to repurchase the first four seasons to see the rest of series is reprehensible.  
Gleason comes across as most unlovable, and the conflict between Hanks and him produces quite a bit of noise.
Baron Frankenstein is a man with a mission!
I personally prefer this black & white version.
What other movie can have 6 different versions and they are all great.
I wanted it for my library so bought it.  
Great Broadway musical with tons of choreography, however the plot is very predictable and did not explore the depths of many actor's characters.
It wasn't easy for her living with 5 brothers and her being the only girl.
I read the novel itself years ago and liked it, though the mechanics of the ending put me off a bit.
Best Vampire movie ever
Karloff at his best!You just don't get them like this anymore.
the resident evil movie franchise is the greatest movie franchise in the universe a true classic the best of the best the resident evil movie franchise rocks all the video game based movies that hollywood produced for over 2 decades from the super mario bros movie to pixals are the greatest movies in the universe there true classics the best of the best all the video game based movies that hollywood produced for over 2 decades rocks from the super mario bros movie to pixals rocks
Not sure how I missed this movie.
THE BEST!!!!
Wonderful movie!  
Made a great Christmas gift!  
In particular, this movie is a very important demonstration of what a great director can make with the camera: in the first sequence, for example, the movement of camera takes the spectators inside the theatre, and the effect is wonderful.
Hoffman is brilliant as the FILMS voice of reason and as a whole the images and sounds take full advantage of the films epic scope!
Loved this video.  
Highly recommended, but somewhat disappointing.
It has a complicated, interesting, and very well written plot.
please E-Mail me at [...]
Who is going to die next?"Really, this isn't a "horrible" movie, just a "bad" one.  
Made you think; nothing spectacular.
Still a great movie even after almost 30 years.
I loved Pretty Woman in its original version and am seriously considering a dollar garage sale or donation for this one.
My 12 string just didn't sound good with a regular capo.  
What isn't to love?!
strong  instrument cable
They mounted easily, and the guitars look great on the wall.
and it is a nice addition to my studio
Does the job!
Very sturdy in its construction.
My favorite go to strap lock.  
Relatively quiet and my pedalboard just loves it.
Aside from that, this locking strap is a very good idea and I don't regret the purchase.
Stumbled across these nickels by Fender in .011 size and they sound great!
Great solid stay tuned machines, and the auto-trim is quite a convenient bonus
Have two of these in drywall and they're solid and look great, really flush with the wall and classy.  
They sound warm when needed and bright & cutting when needed too.  
Nothing at all fancy about this strap.
Little helper, does what its supposed to do
Better than resting the instrument on a chair.  
They lack the warmth and depth that most people expect to hear from a cello.
It smells good, but I'm not going to check to see if it's edible.
Good price and quality, does what it is supposed to do and surprise the guitar has not taken a tumble.  
super solid
Use good cables, especially if using a ribbon mic and you should be OK.
This mic is the absolute best mic when you look at quality, price point, and reliability!
Does its job good, cable is nice and long, decent quality.
I just love how they sound, and how they play.
The gauge is correct and they have less tension than the ones I'd been using and are really silky.  
My favorite strings.
Great sound and great feel!
Happy customer
It has the right resistance and a nice dark sound I like.
It fits my Yamaha DGX520 piano very well.
Great hats until you can afford Zildjian A's !
Great product, would recommend to any guitar player!
There may be better straps out there but not for this price.  
EB Regular Slinky!  
Just as I expected, was packaged very well and I love it.
Sound great and last a long time.
Best strings ever made!
Then it broke before even 6 months of use.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
However, if you play heavier sticks you will probably welcome these if the jazz brush models feel like toys in your hands.
OK, folks this is NOT a "gig" bag.
These strap locks were easy to install and use right off the bat.
Works great.
Unfortunately, I broke a string of my own error before even tuning it up, but it's relatives hold up nicely.
Of all the picks I've used these are the pickiest.
Great quality slide, works great.
It is a good intermediate duty stand.
they are sweet, nice resonance and timbre. bendable and sustain like a mother
I like Pure Blues.
Very nice tone.
What can I say, love spec20s.
So I'm buying a bag just for laughs.
I feel that the stands are not the best quality- however they do the ruck in keeping the speakers up and secure.
Good quality picks.
Great buy especially at this price.
Excellent for recordings
Sounds great, plays great.
This time a pair of powered studio monitors (XLR) and a home audio subwoofer (RCA) connected to a laptop via a cheap USB interface (RCA) using "Y" connectors.  
Using these since caveman days.
Their tone is great and the nanoweb's feel nice when you're playing.
It's a decent product.
I'm glad I bought them.
These coated D'Addario strings far outlast the standards.
The bag was clearly a repackage.
A nice recorder with good sound to practice with.
These are great units and it is really easy to replace the string assembly if it breaks after many years of wear and tear.
This thing is a ton of fun!  
The tone was nice and bright, and has been consistent over the few months I've had them on.
Its a solid stick that I hit things with :)  Seems to be well made.
I purchased 4 sets from Amazon a couple of months ago and they are faulty, the 2W snapped on 3 of the sets when fitting, not good.
This is my second favorite pick, the first being the 1mm/black Dunlap Nylon.
Solid.  Easy.
The nickel looks superb -- a brilliant whitish silver color; doesn't tarnish and turn grey like steel.  
Good picks
I have large hands and was hoping that some of these reviewers were just small thumbed players.  
It is like a swiss army knife in terms of utility.
Bought one of these at Guitar Center and loved it.
Its good for say a splash, it sways all over the place with a 16 inch crash.
Have tried other pre-amp tubes in this amp and for some reason to my ear these inexpensive JJ 12AX7 sound the best.
I own 5 of these.  
Super cool!  
Decent cable, nothing special, does the job.
Always a great choice.
Kyser capos really work great and are easy to use.  
Great price for a very nice strap.
same as stock
I like purple, and it is purple.
Great help to keeping the guitars clean and pretty.
Package showed up 3 days ahead of expected date.
Love these mics.
This instrument is easy to use, well made, and easily re-calibrated making it an extremely useful and inexpensive way to improve your drum kits tone.
Nice tone, solid feel.
Thanks good service good product
She loves it.  
I recommend this product at a $100 it's a great deal.
Some reviews gave this mandolin a bad rating due to this lack of knowledge (that's unfair).
Strong stand some stands have quick release clamps that will ware out and slip Not the case with this one solid durable..
A little room noise , but that's probably my cheap mic pre-amp.
You need this in your gig bag!
Easy on/Easy off.
Great product for nylon or steel strings.
It saves room and makes the room look cooler.
I use it at gigs every week as my main capo.
Expected cheap junk, instead it feels like commercial unit.3.)  
I like them a lot.
Shorter than the stock cable which negates the advantage of the right angle plug.
This pedal makes me sound so much better than I am.
This is an excellent stand for an acoustic guitar.
I love the sound and the size is perfect for big fat fingers.
I'm very happy wtiht this boom stand.  
I wanted to experiment with a thin pick.
I bought this for the occasional bass drum miking.
Simple tool that will speed up string changes etc. 2 settings for neck width.
Simply the best.
I'd recommend a good fret board cleaner to go with this cloth to keep your instrument happy as a clam.
Great resonant head
Only picks I use for both bass and guitar.
Makes my strats keep thier luster.
But because it is felt, you can get softer notes if you feather it.
Not as good as the original "canvas" like covers; does the job.
It's lightweight and moves around even with only an 8 inch splash on it.
This is great for its price.
Great capo for the price.
Decent for price.
Great alternative to a  normal stand when trying to practice things at my desk.
works grate as a thumb pic or a plectrum best of both worlds.
Damped my snare and tom toms perfectly.
I like the P90 pickups...not bad for this style guitar.
Classic design.  
my voice totally changed for better!
When considering microphone choices, two rules come to mind.
The Herco Composition Clarinet Maintenance Kit is a great kit for those starting out.
quiet, well shielded cables in a pliable jacket.
It's a nice feeling to know that your big investment in your instrument is being protected from dryness in winter and too much humidity in summer.
I bought two to run from my amp to a lone pedal effect that I use with my bass.  
Good build and doesn't look cheap.
It IS SWEET!
These Med-light strings brought out the base while keeping the highs.
While they do produce more sound as an acoustic instrument (a good, pleasing sound), I apparently lack the strength to play medium gauge strings.  
Sounded attractive as an all-on-one tool for changing guitar strings.
this stand is small but does the job.and folds up in to a small package.i have one for each guitar
However, the amp brings the sound through pretty cleanly and warmly.  
Easy to store as well.
A guitar only has six strings.
These continue to hold a place among my favorite nylon strings.
They sound great for many hours of playing, and I am not a fan of coated strings.
The strap looks great, easy to adjust and comfortable.
I must turn the guitar and lower it from above to rest the guitar in it.  
These are solid screws that work well except for the plastic washers that I found did not offer enough spacing when screwing in something on the immediately lower level.
This is a huge improvement over the two inch nylon strap that my bass came with.  
Nice product.
Great bedroom or practice amp at a great price!
Sound quality is great.  
I like them, they seem to last a little longer than the other brand I was using.
Surprised to find the paint with runs and drips dried into it- looked terrible and the gold logo and lettering on top is barely visible and broken-up.
Good to teach basic music theory.
Loud enough to to play in a small room and not feel like you're missing out on anything .
Absolutly great distortion pedal, i'm loving it.
But I like these better so I am switching all my guitars to these.
Works great as a secondary mic holder attached to a boom stand.
Didn't see a huge difference between these and my old/cheapo Red Label strings.
These cables are fantastic.
looks good but returned it cause it just did not fit around the guitar I wanted to use it for....
I recieved these string very quickly and I really appreciate that.these are nice string for my saprano ukulele,a good sound.
This is the perfect gift for the guitar enthusiast out there.
This one works the best of all of the capos that I have bought.  
I also like that it could apparently also easily hold my acoustic Epiphone.
Great pick holder.
I play Gospel, Fussion and Hip-Hop, these heads have delivered, despite their humble appearance.
These are good.
This strap, however, holds on tight, and is comfortable on the shoulder.
These have a lower profile and can fit and bend into the places the ones with thick metal ends can't.
I have an extremely cheap guitar and these strings make it sound a teeny bit better (that's saying a lot!).
I was honestly astounded at the ease of play, the quality of both the build, the sound and the easy transition from acoustic to acoustic electric to straight electric.  
The quality is poor not worth the money.
Works just like its supposed to.  
love this product.  
I like green.  
Worked, but I miss my older stands like this but 3x as heavy.
Well satisfied.
Sound pretty good so far I don't know how long they will last  if I get three months I'll be happy
I was NOT shipped Fender Shell Guitar picks as shown in the picture.
I like this alot, because it lets me keep all the pedals I use in one convienient location, and its a grab and go setup.
The price is great so you can change them more often to get a fresh sound.
I can't afford them for all of my forty-odd other guitars.
I have had one of these for like 10 years
The crash has a great dark sound and came very promptly.
I play them on a big body gibson acoustic and love the way the set up and project.
I do not know if I would pack it around a lot it is very light .
I bought these to go from my board to the amp.
Good strap, I use these with all 3 Fenders I own.
I've been using only this brand/thickness of flat pick for at least 15 years, and *for me*, they are just right.
this is a beautiful guitar...the finish is amazing...and the tone is very clear...if you can't afford several hundreds or thousand for a les paul...this is a fun and very good guitar for the money...has 6 strings,,,from e to e...
I bought them to replace the stock round wounds on my EB0.  
So glad I bought the Phosphor Bronze L/M strings
It's not the most comfortable or the most fancy, but it does the job just fine.
It works great!
really wanted to love this one.
My 1965 Fender Mustang love them!
The Dunlop Tortex picks are perfect for playing my guitar and last for quite awhile.
great pickup for the bridge position.
Easy install.
Great quality, great buy.
one of my two favorite pics
Again, the fact that these exist is crazy cool.
Holds only standard shape picks but great accessory to have
Great seller!
They have a good sound.
While I don't find a great deal of difference between these than say, Ernie Balls, I do find these to be quality strings.
Love this set of strings.
Fair deal...
handy little piece like having a screw gun in your pocket makes changing drum heads a snap to do !!!!!!!
Good value, long lasting strings.
They have great ear pads and stay comfortable even after hours of use.  
Using the Effects Loop, no need of Volume or Gain, the sound is way much richer and definition for different types of guitars is beautiful.
We have used this product for years, we have been very happy with its use, many, many years ago my guitar instructor recommended it, we also recommend it,
Good value for Mic cord, I would buy again
I needed some o clamps for my light stand and these worked great.
It's good because of a higher water content which is what you want in this type of product.
Came in one piece and works, I'm a beginner at the bowed instruments but you can actually feel the drag increase on the bow as you apply this rosin.
It has worked out well, always order from Amazon, without any reservation as to quality
The construction is ok - it's plastic with a metal + rubber bottom, but seems sturdy.  
Work great exactly as described
Great sound and smooth to the touch but the coating will start to flake off in time.
It does the job well, it's a little big for what it is, but definitely worth having with a delay pedal
This is a good one.
I thought it would be more like a cheap children's toy, honestly, but there are sturdy reeds and the plastic is heavier than it looks.
For use as a voltage control expression pedal you really want to get the 250k version, not the 25k.
Hold my Tenor Sax (12pounds) nicely
Even the cheapest drum kit will sound like a high-end kit after taking the time to tune them with this dial.
I love the feel and sound I get from them.  
it a goose neck what can you say it did what I needed held a mic life is just more paper work
I know this is not nearly as nice as the cartridge that it is replacing, but I am very happy with it, especially for the price.
D'Addario is always D'Addario excellant
Excellent cable.  
These are always the ones I choose for my steel string acoustic guitar.
Sounds great for all kinds of music
It didn't work too well on a gig.  
But works fine.
I'd buy these again.
I can't believe the sound from this cheap guy.  
This cable is dirt cheap, but the quality seems to be just fine.  
Very clean and does a great job for a good price
I like the satin finish on the Tortex better and the way it bends.  
My favorite picks.
It's a JB, what else is there to say?
They were really pretty.
Pick choice is like guitars and amps; everyone has a different opinion.
For the price this turned out to be a very good bass guitar.
As with anything with BOSS, the two BOSS FS-5U Non-Latching Footswitches that I purchased, work like a charm.
This thing is awesome.
Better yet is that the multi-clamp is hinged, so no need to take the rack tubes apart to fasten the new multi-clamp in position.  
I just started back playing after a 30 year hietus and I had nicks and scratches on my old guitars.
Usually when folks learn flatpicking guitar they graduate up to thicker picks.
these are the only strings i use on my guitars.great soundind for any style music you play great strings will buy again,
Sounds go in one end, and come out the other.
Took it out the box to show a friend and every note magically worked.
This is what I needed
Sounds fine to me.
Love the design and it is very reliable to know that it won't move and it will be very tight.
Looks great
the guitar is the player perfect price for a perfect guitar depending on what sound are you looking for it can play anything some crunchy hard rock n roll or some blues songs which is my preference anyway BUY IT !!!
I highly recommend Planet Waves because of the high quality of their products.
This is a great, severely underrated pedal.
I like Dunlop picks.  
You Like".
These are literally the best longer run cables that I own.  
I found these reeds to be consistent from reed to reed, with no bad reeds in the box.  
Love these comfortable picks, easy to hold, mold around your fingers and help the sound I'm going for.
was a good distortion source.
Monster brush is an apt name.  
I'm a guitar player.
These are probably the most well-known pads available and probably the best.
The edges make for great clean pull off's.
These are for the gig bag for those occasional string breaks.
The sound quality still manages to be musical, though - pretty amazing.  

I use these for overhangs on my drum kit, you have to work on the placement, but when you do they do the job well for the hats and ride.
These straps are no nonsense awesomeness.  
I got one in a different color a few months ago and liked it so much I bought one for another guitar.
fit beautifully on my fender fa-100!
A good choice for those on a budget.
Good product.
classic wah pedal, no fantastic, beware if you run many pedals and long cable this pedal is kind a tone sucker, you maybe need to run a good pedal with buffer before or any buffe device.
Other than that I would say it is good quality for the money, the holes are tight and it feels strong.
Who doesn't love the sound and the feel of new strings on a cool old guitar?
I bought this cable on sale and the quality is as good as any other good cable.
deal!This is a good EQ for an excelent price, not an excelent EQ
Very light, and has a nice bright metallic zing which compliments the warm sound of my King 3B Silversonic very well.
I stuck this to the top side of my accoustic guitar and It's great to not have to search for a guitar pick when I want to play.
Seems to work well.
Construction quality is good.
Yea... don't expect that to happen, but it will cut down on some ugly p's and t's when recording!
Sorry folks, but this ain't a Dyna-Comp by any stretch.  
Great product if oyu like Gel Picks
Have always used this product, on all of my guitars.
Through the 46 years I've played guitar, I've used many, many brands of acoustic guitar strings.
High quality and simple to use.
I like the black better than the brown as well.
If you want to get good sound at a good price, this is the way to go.
Great capo.
I really like the right angle connector makes it fit no matter what guitar stand I use.
LIve and learn.  
works good nice sound
It works absolutely fantastic, I love the sound of a blues bottle slide on my guitar AND it's not very expensive to get which makes my wallet feel pretty good too.
I always use the 1.00mm for guitar, had to test them with bass strings... they turn out to be great!
The way the Ultimate stand works makes it great for guitars with narrow heads.
This is not heavy and it has a good construction.
I still think that these are great strings that are worth purchasing though.
I'm not a fan of the "Polyweb" which has a much more visible thick coating.
It's amazing though.
Really cool and sounds sexy.
I used this for school to connect various devices to our school sound system.
"Why not?".
A bit big, but the adjustable elastic perimeter cord takes care of that.
D`Addario ,EJ11 80/20 PLAYS GRATE ,LIKE THEM VERY MUCH .THANK
So far, between the performance and the price I'm very impressed.
I wanted a Les Paul type humbucker sound at a reasonable price to compliment my 1973 Fender Stratocaster single coil sound.
Fender Picks.

Very durable, great quality strings, period!
All in all its a great mic, and I'm a terrible reviewer.
This item works well and is comfortable to play with.
Major Diatonic: Excellent harmonica, extremely comfortable, great sound.
I use Vandoren V-12 reeds, but everyone has their favorite.
Excellent construction, great size, nice gig bag.
Excellent for the beginner and advance player a like.
It definitely put out a lot of fog for its size.
the G2s are by far the best heads Evans makes.
It's great for guitar as well, but that's not what I primarily use it for.
Some of my favorite strings, always work well and stay in tune.
Nice strings.
I cant say its all these strings fault but compared to the set of rounds or flats ive put on sincethere's no comparison ...
This is good because of the adjustable holder (the rubber tip is a nice improvement) but it loses a star because it doesn't have a good border around it.
That or glue it to your personal mic stand.
I purchased two of these to connect my studio monitors to my mixer..
Nice design.
Good idea.
IT..ENJOY
Glad they still make these, but too bad Fender doesn't ship the guitar with them anymore (like they did into the 1960s.
Have ordered and received two of these so far, one green, one blue.  
like I do often...  
Great cable
Only strings I'll put on my guitar.
Love playing this guitar, puts a smile on my face when I do.
but these are fine.  
This gadget is very nice to start with, it is a very firm capo and doubles as a tuner.
I use this on both acoustic and electric guitar strings and fret boards.
Thanks Fender and Amazon.
All in all, this is a good cable for the casual player.
Love the crystal clear "glassy" look.
The greatest harmonica mic of all time.
This is a very affordable true instrument and it sounds great.
These trash can lids should stay only in the confines of your basement, should you buy them.
Awesome overdrive for use as an input booster for a Marshall tube amp.  
I tried both and the JR2 sound much much better than the JR1, it sounds warmer, louder and has more sustain.
kyser is an excellent brand of capo.
Nice!
They fit in strat pick guard holes pretty good.
Glad it's back and I ordered a vial so that I would be sure to not run out, even though it lasts a long time.
This company does make this capo for classical, electrics, and 12 stringed guitar as well as a large variety of colors/pattern.  
The cutter works great, you just have to be careful.4.
you should get this only if you have a 12 string guitar because than the winder is handy but all the wrest isn't.
It is absolutely secure and comfortable.  
It works fine.
but these are fine to jam with friends and small setting no mics
These work okay.
Bought this for my beginner band Alto Sax son.
I love these mics.
The padding is average.
Still a good deal though.
With that said, I purchased this amp to use with my Korg Kronos 88 (another amazing piece of equipment).  
These trees came in Fender packaging and fit just as the old ones did and look the same.
This product decreases the volume of the violin.  
This is a really solid instrument and one which is well worth the extra money to invest in a quality piece of equipment which will last for years.
I found this on Amazon.com, It is a good item, an I recommend it if you need it.  
Excellent strap easy to use very secure I have tried many different types of strap locks and have either lost parts of them
I am not a serious guitar player, I like playing for fun, but I know what sound I look for.  
For the price you aren't going to find a better padded gig bag for an inexpensive or mid-range SG/LesPaul copy.
Good purchase
These are great strings and are well worth the price!
Nice strings great sound and keeps in tune
I bought this as a gift for my mom, and she liked it.
Despite the super cheap price, these are solidly built and sound just fine.
They are oval patches that appear to be rubber and don't have a taste that I noticed - a good thing.  
Great tone.  
Adding some twang to my Jim Dandy campfire guitar.
I still think this was a great buy.
I'm adding a few things to both my kids Mexican Strats(MIM)and thought these would be a nice addition.  
Great tool does what It is designed to do.  
My niece really enjoys these strings and the do have an incredible tone for the price!
That one works better.
Just takes a little effort to learn, like most worthwhile activities.
Nice simple working Capo.
Really exceptional strings.
They do last much longer than "normal" strings and in the long run are probably cheaper because of that long life.
This seems to be just fine.
that's what I love about zildjian, quality sound even with the less expensive lines.
it's a decent head, but the truth is that their competition has been making better products.  
I thought I'd be getting a funtional machine, but it literally doesn't record messages of 10 seconds or less.
I used several pieces of this tape to affix a card stock label to a plastic bag that stores my family's winter hats.
Once the line got hooked up correctly the phone worked just fine.
LOVE IT LOVE IT!  
Smart buy
Great paper for invoices .
These tent cards can be printed to any inkjet or laser printer, and look great.
Really comfortable gel mouse pad.  

These paperclips are excellent and seem to work very well at least for me.
I love this bag.
This came in on the latter(and cheaper) end of the long line of excellent Palm products, and is a very easy to use, ergonimaclly friendly toy.
Clean breaks between cards, the printing with my desk-top HP Color LaserJet printer is sharp and the cards look good.
This is a great product, but they were getting hard to find in this size.  
These are to laminate 4" by 6" photographs, and I imagine are great for that purpose.
Good writing paper for notes.
Wrist support area could be a bit larger but is fine for now.
Go through these like water.  
I use Word 2010 and the alignment is perfect.  
Works fine.  
Seems to work just fine.  
Happy with seller and their service.
Everything works as described except for the keypad display light being too dim and not covering the whole pad.
Got mine today and found the wrist pad only half as high as it should be.
These are a great buy for this quantity.
These tabs are great.
They just work great.
Their colors are much more vibrant.
Works like a champ!!  
For the price I guess I shouldnt complain, just wish the underside had more rubbery texture to it...has a tendency so move around while Im using my mouse.
Perfect for 17" laptops and for large LCD Monitors for a home office.  
It's a nice little notepad, I like to keep one in my purse and this fit great.
I really like these double sided cards.
This is great for keeping organized.
If you are a visual person like me, buy this and organize your cards by categories.  
A test run on my printer produced a beautiful matrix of labels.
It is perfect for my shredder - helps it to work easily.
It's very easy to use, and the paper quality is great, which makes it very professional looking.  
Always like this paper and can rely on the quality.
I am very satisfied could not be any happier.
old school back up!
It's quite a relief.
But for most financial pros, if it can't be done on an HP12C, then you probably need a computer.
Works well in old laser ink printers.
Top quality.
Item arrived timely and as described.
This is a simple notebook at a higher price than is fair.
Other than that, I don't have a negative thing to say.  
Easy to apply.
It's fantastic.
The interior is fine though.
They are working wonderfully.
Don't like to be without it!
This roll of self-sticking wall paper in a large chevron pattern is pretty nice, especially for apartment dwellers like me.
These boxes were great.
1/4" difference.
It was a good bargain to boot!
The quality of the pouch is not really good.
Love the feel of this product.
good quality.
it's really good at that, and this 6 box pack you get a lot of clips.
As long as you stick them on well - spacing is key - they are a great asset.
The medium nib it comes with is excellent for laying down a nice thick line.
Quality and long lasting ink.  
my only criticism yould be it's not easy to reuse them easily.
I got these to clean my thermal printers, I spray in some extra 99 percent alcohol for deeper cleaning
They're perfect for quick notes throughout the day and one will fit nicely in any pocket or my bag.
For an occasional use these are definitely good.
Fits great on my desk, would fit even better on a desk that is rather narrow or a corner unit.
Great seller!Fast delivery of a quality product.
Great to write with on a contact paper chalkboard.
I love making lists and checking off tasks when they're complete.
They are great for protecting paperwork, especially working in a messy medical lab
Good size for readability.
The test super-fine pens in red on the market today.
These would be great for writing checks as they dry quickly and can't be erased or rubbed out.
Economy is the perfect description for these page protectors.  
If you're taking the Professional Engineer exam, pick up two of these and get to it!
Old school phone, awesome as always.
I like them for their sturdiness and capacity; they work well for dividing up different "off-shoots" of a family line.  
You say, why not post its?  
I don't like all those dots on my paper!
Good fit for hand and wrist.
I do a lot of packaging and as with most tapes it is constantly breaking or separating so that you have to restart the role.
Thanks.  
I got this for my mom and the Dad one for dad.
I just love everything Avery!  
Its not the super stickiest tape, but it really does last well for long term.
This label tape is great and a great price.
Good product at a reasonable cost.
It is for house construction and such, and requires a good bit of muscle to operate.
Does not stay stuck down.  
Good box for the money!
I like it a lot.  
I am glad I bought them at a great discounted price compared to if I had purchased these same sheets from another company.
Not real powerful but enough for most purposes I think.
Great quality dividers, and the double sided pockets are a useful feature.
Thanks Amazon.
Well satisfied with product, price  and delivery
My prints came out great.  
Work Great at a Great Price!
Printer didn't like the thickness but, perfect for what I needed it for.
Good shipping time and price.
This one is perfect for a new cook, or an old hand who is downsizing.
I bought another brand in a larger quantity and found that I liked them much better.
THIS IS A GOOD LOCKBOX WITH PLENTY OF ROOM FOR VALUABLES.
I have had better for that price.
They do not write well enough for a formal note.
These are great -- good quality, super versatile, print nicely on my deskjet printer.
Noise got somewhat better.
Perfect for my macbook pro with retina screen.  
Comfortable notebook with a lot of pages for several subjects!
I think this is some good quality paper, I have no complaints whatsoever, I love to write so having lots of paper around is a must for me.
These sleeves are handy and seem to be well-made.  
The color is as shown and works well in my laser jet printer.
Overall, it works fine for my purposes because the puzzles are meant to stay on a table, but I just can't see any use for them beyond that.
Not bad for a do-it your-selfer...Card stock is good for disposable cards.
Like the squared format very much and the feel of the individual pages.
The colors were nice and crisp on the glossy paper and they were easy to separate from the sheet.
For a hard land line type telephone, it works great for a office phone connected to the Plantronics S12 Corded Telephone Headset System.
I plan to use these labels to help keep my files in ABC order.
Finding a large format paper of this quality for a good price was my aim.
Shop around.
Great product.  
The quality of paper is great too.
Refill for my beloved PARKER CLASSIC
Cheap quality, better off buying something else.
Great value for the money for my students to have extra pens available if they need one.
Good Price- Avery Labels work well.
The colors looked nice on there, too.
The reason one uses shredder oil is, it is very fine oil made so paper particles don't stick to the blades.
thin, black ink; great for corporate type paperwork filing
And it was served at the wedding reception of my great-grandparents in 1892.
Not much can be said...
great picture quality prints fits cards I send to friends
Great price, Quality paper.... ordered at 5:30 pm received by10:00am the next day
My only concern with this telephone is that there is a mild, background hum when I'm using it.  
We use these for students in our classes and they work great.
Great product, works as advertsed.
Pages will tear off easily.
The scanned images come out good, not great.  
If your purse is to full
I think there will always be a need for a product like this, and Avery's index cards are easy to use, separate easily and stand up to the rigors of being carried for weeks in a shirt or vest pocket.
Love all the space and extra info sheets.
but the quality is good at least.
I use them with Encicia postage printing and they work like a charm.
Exactly as described.
This is plastic tape.  
Is there some sort of green sticker shortage in this country?Other than this gripe, the blue stickers are perfectly fine.
Great paper for greeting cards
I used these to create labels for our wedding favors (cookie bags) and the quality was perfect.
The calculator that I was looking for
This is the most wonderful paper.  
I love color!
I love the way it's designed--for maximum efficiency .  
But hey, what do you expect from such a cheap price.
I end up with a lot of keys to clients houses, so having tags to quickly tag the keys is helpful, so I don't confuse which key is which.
Professional-looking cards at a good price.
I typically use Boise X9 Bright 20lb paper in both my laser and inkjet printers.
The calculator is fine, and is a nice slim size.
Must have been some factory reject product.
Other than that, its a mouse pad that's really cheap.
i always use bic pens because i know they will work.
I used this for cookie decorating.
Book itself is very nice.
This is my first hardcover book, and I like it.  
Just humor me.)
cool, works great . . .
print a test paper before printing onto the labels.
Perfect, just what I wanted
larger packs than you can find in your local stores
But anyway, even it could be improved, it is a good pen very pleasant to use.
Have used in inkjet and laser copier - quality is great and never jam.  
At any rate, it's OK.
Very sturdy binder.  
However, they have really cute designs, and are great for gifts!
I specifically wanted 24# HP paper because I use it to print out coloring pages I've found on Pinterest.  
Arrived on time, is perfect for ticket sales and t-shirt sales.
These,were much finer than I expected, but work well for writing.
Larger envelopes or packages may need a more substantial size label.  
It's tape.  
Its made well, seems sturdy and has a self sharpening blade for long-term use.
The only reason I am giving these four stars are for the adhesive.  
Good quality paper.
Paper is the right stock for a writing pad like this.  
Great product
Great product!
came with no return policy and no manual - wasted the money on this not for an amature like me.
bought as gift..but loved it myself
I love this color selection!
Pretty good quality plastic.
An excellent quality resume paper.(1)
(My cats LOVE that tassel!)
This mouse pad works well with any type of mouse I tried and any brand of mouse I tried!
As described.
PERFECT.......
Quiet, easy to operate.
This is the best for that.
don't know why this particular one left wide smear stripes all over the printed paper.
Iv been using this calculator for over a decade now.  
Best price, thanks!  
make sure it fitsthis size was too big
Good bye
They are a great product that is easy to use and is great quality.
I also use these for recipe cards and it's really fantastic.
Great replacement x-acto knive blades.
However, it's minimal and not a huge issue.2.
I love these!  
Forced to buy this because my professor doesn't allow graphing calculators.
I give this product a 5-stars- rating, no excess words needed to tell you how great this product is
I generally only use transparent tape for my scrapbook, not the 'magic' kind which isn't so transparent, so this is good for that.
The card paper is cheap paper, some inks bleed through.
There are three shallow bins that I use for paper clips, binder clips, and post it flags.
It works but wobbles around so would recommend getting a real ottoman or something better made if you need something for ergonomics.
It's an old design that doesn't pretend to stand out.
Highly Recommended!CFH
I find them very affordable and easy to use for printing.
I purchased these along with tabs and binders to organize my genealogy research and they all worked great
Very poor quality construction.
My wife works at the Commissary for the Navy and use these to open boxes for demos and goes threw these like water so she happy that she has a big stock of them.
These little guys are cheap enough to have a few around.  
The hard case was 20% lower than other sites, too.  
Very colorful.  
Perfect size!  
My only complaint is that straight out of the package, the synthetic materials smell absolutely terrible.(I have been given a discounted product in return for my review.)
Authentic and good quality with a reasonable price
Good quality paper, bound well for use.  
These pen are excellent and inexpensive.
I liked how they had nice different colors so she can remember which one she is writing in and which ones she is editing etc.
This phone has a light up keypad, but does not require electricity to work.  
and then you have 3 more it's soo awesome!!
We have had this machine for over 2 years, using the card, and I am quite happy with the reliability of it.
My favorite pen ever!!
That and a reasonable price as well.
Excellent map with (as expected) very high-quality printing.
Great dividers.
The ink tank arrived on time and in good condition.
I've pulled out a good 6 to 8 inches of this expensive tape.
Being the mother of 7 yr old twins in the 2nd grade!
It holds up well in laser printers, either black and white or color prints look sharp and the paper has a nice smooth finish.
Works great, NO Complaints, just make sure you don't apply it below freezing and you'll be fine!Will buy more excellent price!
This brand of cookware does an excellent job.  
Well worth the money.
I like to buy all my school supplies "during the season" for great deals like this.  
Good pens.
Happy I bought this one .
If you need file folders and get these for a good price, they're an excellent buy.
Watercolors worked fine but I don't work exceptionally wet.
This works perfect for my needs.
Great computer mouse pad for an awesome price that is steady and won't move around on you at the desk while working.  
So far, so good.
I'll be getting more when the ones I bought run out as long as I can get a bigger size in them
This is The Best non-graphing calculator.
Excellent product I use everyday
I don't know how I did without this for so long - not only do I keep important papers, I keep medications and other things that I don't want anyone to see!
Strangely enough, for something so simple and design so intuitive, I am mousing better with it than the Fellowes that I wore out several mice over quite a few years.  
Great buy very pleased with my purchase.
Love this paper.
Works really great and is pretty darn transparent when placed on most surfaces.
Nice solar power did the job.
The tassle is super cute.  
One cool piece included in this is a quote on a long piece of paper.
I don't really have any complaints about it.
Lots of clips for a great price.
Nice, thanks!!
The quality is good and is as good as other books.  
This is our second choice of pens after the Bic Clic Stic.  
You'll save lots of time printing and labeling your dividers.
The product did not work.
Nothing fancy involved.
Good job Scotch, you did well.
As expected and price was good.  
Worked great.
these are probably my favorite pens to write with ever!
Very happy with this product.  
I like this labeling tape.
My daughter loved this little gift.
Very happy with the print images This was about half what I have paid for paper before.
I've been using 24lb pound paper for years and the general purpose one from Hammermill is fantastic.
Great product
I'll stick with the dedicated oil and give it just 4 stars since there exists an alternative.
If you have an Epson printer, you will love this!
Great calculator for students who are sill taking classes or standardized exams that forbid graphical calculators, but do allow intermediate calculators for checking work, using basic trig functions, etc.
Printed perfectly and no smudging like others experienced
annual reorder
Believe it or not, I hitched this to my 4-wheel walker which allows me to get in buffet line at my neice's wedding reception.
Its paper, it works and quality is fine.
Works for me.
Having used these notebooks over many years, the only thing I can say is that I like them.
When loading it says paper jam error.
Provided you only need to point at things that are a couple feet away, this is a great solution.
Good thickness.
This tray is perfect.  
What can i say it is a notebook with paper in it.
Calculator is awesome.
Worked great!
Attractive design and the pages on the inside are colorful and in the same theme.
They are nice paper.
Simple and perfect!
The handles did a great job of staying intact.  
Great idea!
These are great labels which work as expected.
I am GLAD there were TWO to the package!!
We are playing with how we want our business cards to look.  
I love my Dymo printers.  
It doesn't move during use, which is great.
Just what I wanted.
And these labels really are that.
This is a great product for an independent engineer.
Great clips.  
I used these pens in Nursing school to write small and in color on our medication maps.
Perfect for bleeding red ink all over my student's papers.  
Buy a large pack of pens and realize that after using one, u have to smash the ball point inorder for it to work?Well these pens u don't need to do that....
These dividers are great and sturdy!
It's quite easy to read with the backlight off under normal lighting conditions such as under a desk lamp or in a meeting room, etc.
I used the TI-89 primarily for theoretical math but came in handy for standardized tests as well.
Great for the price!
I like it but the little drawer keeps falling out.
While I absolutely love my iPhone, this product continues to be my favorite way to keep notes and journal my work and personal info.
Heavy duty and exactly what we needed for our business.
BIC products are excellent, the ink system is the classic style ball pen.
Leather is beautiful.  
Perfect for teaching driving lessons at safety council.
Not much to say.  
It was easily recognized and our word processing program had no problem printing envelopes (a major issue with the prior printer).We have a small but paper intensive business so this provided us with a good working laser printer for one work station at a reasonable price.
They look nice and professional.  
It's kind of hard to review staples, I mean, what do you say?
The ultimate calculator for someone who doesn't need anything more than "Backspace"I've had some math weirdos make fun of my "ancient" "obsolete" calculator but it does + - * and allows me to delete one digit at a time unlike the cheapies.
I appreciate both the simplicity and quality of the journals.
I have made Invitatons and Greeting Cards with ease using this kit.
I had some leftover baseboard from my house renovation that I spray painted Dark Walnut and used to frame this map.....great way to dress a huge blank wall.
Good feel, good look.
Very convenient and useful.
What's not to love?
When I purchased the HP designjet 111 with roll this item popped up saying that people that purchased the designjet also purchased the HP Ink cartage 10 so I purchased it, when I received the designjet it required a different INK Cartage I contacted HP and they said that the Designjet 111 will only take the 82 not the 10.  
This does what I wanted it to do....if it did not, I would write a complaint misusing grammar and syntax while appearing like an uneducated complainer who regularly complains.
I'm always creating files and since typewriters are obsolete, this is perfect for my DYMO label-writer when I need it.
Definitely recommend.
Great for me ___for others?
I like the reinforced sides so the holes don't tear.
They work fine.
Then I use a simple utility knife (like a box cutter tool with a single sided razor from Home Depot e.g.), cutting carefully within the layer of the tape between the wall and the frame.  
love my easy peel mailing labels.
It works just fine with no issues.
but I like it overall.
There's not a lot to say about paper.
Reduced the amount of frizz and looked great after flat ironing it.
very good cash box the only complaint I have about it is that the slots are too little for the bills and often times they get stuck in the hinge mechanism and rips the edges of the bill
Well made and a great price.
The address labels were perfect and did not jam or smudge!
Why buy anything else?
Easy to operate.
Works great.
Works as advertised, thank you
Fast shipping!
"Opening" "Discussion" "Lunch" "Lego Building" "Music" "Snack" "Park" ...
I'm a label lover.
If your looking for mailing labels to print on....you can't go wrong with the best.
These hold an edge pretty well.
These are cheap and good quality pens.
Sometimes old technology is best.
Will do the job beautifully!
One of my favorite pens, other than fountain
Easy to work with.
Gives me crisp printouts on my deskjet
I use a trackball mouse so those of you with regular mice might have more movement issues with smudging ink or the like.
This box is perfect, just big enough for the important stuff and not too big to take up much room on the desk.  
papers)--the colors are fairly accurate.  
I use this for quality printing.
Working well
Perfect paper organizer for my desk.
Nice little zipper compartment on backside.
Really love this for quick sketches with water soluble graphite (Derwent) and then add color with Koi watercolor set.
The material in that area is a shiny black finish which seems like it will wear well.  
These business cards really are "clean edge."  
It's a stamp pad.  
These are my favorite pens.  
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this calculator.
Works well
However......  Its adhesive quality was close to cottage cheese.
this planner is awesome but its so pretty I don't want to write in it.  still using  a cheap one, but I found some colored pencils so will probably use those so I can erase and re-use again next year !!!!
It also doesnt take up much space on the desk which is something I love!
This paper is great for making lots of common copies such as homework.  
It is a great compliment in college and in high school.
The 4 Star Weight Paper feels as professional as the prints look... excellent.
This is a great book for the task.  
I have to come to love my land line phones after dealing with issues with various cell phones.
They do attract dirt, but they do perform well.
Have an appointment next year?  
These aren't the cheapest labels around, but for the money they are surely the stickiest.
The corners are damaged, the top 50 sheets or so are damaged.
These worked well for our conference.
Ordered for a coworker's kids.
More of a cosmetic thing.
I do like that they fold flat when not in use and they are pretty sturdy.
This is sized perfectly, I have mine sitting on a railing in the playroom.
These little journals are a perfect size for your pocket at work.
Dull, the colors of the images are not even close to what is showing on the webpage.
The luster roll paper is very nice, and I think it's a significant improvement over the standard glossy paper.  
Wow, I love this notebook.
Only draw back, raccoons seem to love them too.
Who doesn't like a free lunch.
The birds love it.
I'm surprised at all the good reviews.  
Well made and built to last years...
It worked great and fit my smoker well, and I soaked it in a sink full of water for 30 mins and even with my crusted on rub cleanup was easy.
Tested it with other ones placed in the same vivarium, and works great.
Product arrived early, it will be well tested this spring and summer.
As described
Not very pleasant to have cold wet feet and hands on a cold windy day.
The wheels don't have the lug nuts.  
Works well if you remember to use it upside down and put a few pennies or pebbles inside to shake and keep the dust from clumping.
Only PH up I'll buy.
I still struggle using it.
Was easy to put together and I am 70.
I don't even need my glasses!
Easily my favorite most-effective gardening tool I've ever bought.  
WOW this really works, hold your nose stinks but fire ants love it
The steel is also of a MUCH thinner gauge.
On the hedges ~4' tall I make two passes.  
It has a resin coated "non slip" lower handle which works great for grip when you are pulling feet, not inches of snow off your roof.3)
It's a beast.
Very good quality.  
But after a couple of mowings even a highly sharpened blade would be as dull or duller.  
I hated to just throw the old one into the trash and am trying to be "green".
Short hose length
Good price here on Amazon.
I used this to repair an older Gilmour 2000 PPW, two gallon sprayer and it fit and worked just fine.
This was a great quantity of wood chips at a great price delivered to my door.  
These really collect flies.
with plenty of clearance......
Great item.  
THE EDGE HOG WORKS EVEN BETTER THAN THE ONE I USED FOR YEARS AND WAS STOLEN.
The soil was prepared, the containers readied, the lights placed and the seeds planted.  
Best of all, this product is made in USA.
These worked well, too well.  
Will be testing it with mosquitoes & hope it will work.
This mix does not have any corn.
Works well, Purchased it because of the good ratings.
Best shovel.
We like it so far!!
The neat cabinet is a really cool bonus and bigger than expected.
These loppers are great.  
I started with a good mix of brown and green compost.
Nice no rust because of the aluminum, no drying out of the plastic resin from sun.
It's easy to clean, easy to fill, and it comes from Quebec!
I purchased these for my saw and it cost effective to buy new ones vs. sharpening the old saws.  
Helped to clear the pond water to crystal clear.
The neck of the bottle is very narrow.
We live on a heavily-wooded lot in Northern VA and I am an avid gardner.
You'll love it if you don't use it to cut rail road ties that will ruined it at any time
But this will work for you!!!!
A worthless  product.
This trap definitely works better in the dark when the little blue lights show up better.
Works great.
Only thing was we have a larger bird bath and there was a little icing around the edges in super cold weather.
These wood chips are a great value.
Great seller,  product is good for $
Keeps chiggers at bay when sprayed on clothing and allowed to dry
However, it is light and effective and works great for trimming hard to reach branches.  
Pretty flimsy
Well made, sharp and comfortable in my hand.  
Second go around I put just enough water in the bottom to make humidity, worked excellent.
The quality is good.
Since receiving my Chaney Instrument 5-inch Capacity Easy-Read Magnifying Rain Gauge, it has been raining non-stop here so I am writing this review on good authority!  
Cute and functional!
Very lightweight and well built.  
These are one of my favorite sprouts.
"good boy!"
My plants are doing well with it so the bulb is a good bulb and the box says it is rated for 20,000 hours so it should be quite a while before it needs changing.
Even a thimble full (like the rim of your trash can or cooker) or slight clog in a gutter, is enough to breed a lot of mosquitos.
The 14" cut is OK great for felling medium trees and prepping stuff for the chipperIf you need to cut something 12" or larger, it'll do the job, but grab a different saw if you've got one handy.
Without a fix of this sort after you buy this shovel, I would not recommend purchasing it.
As I see with many other reviews, the hose connected to the female plug comes off rather frequently.  
The birds love it but I find a few flying off to a nearby tree to scrap the excess off their beaks but at the end of the day they keep coming back for more.  
We like birds too, just not in our strawberry patches.
This Danner PM1000 is a great low profile filter for my 125 gallons pond.
The tread pattern is nice.
The spring that is used to hold down the gas seems too weak.  
It was out in the yard for less than two days when it was almost filled with dead flies.
I did order this expecting to make a few modifications and I was fine with that.
So consider this if you're over 5'10" tall.
Lightweight, durable, great size head for working with plants.
Haven't used it yet, but it's a nice big scoop and I'm sure I'm going to like it.
The gauge is also less then my last one but was recorded as the same quality but is a bit cheaper, hoping to get at least two summers from it!
Great product easy to use and does the job.
The humidity meter always pointed to the 80* mark, I wouldn't recommend this one.
Very pleased with the purchase.
This works well.  
I use strips of newspaper to ensure an even cut along the entire width of the reel.
If used early enough it can help prevent snow mold where your lawn is flattened from snow that has been placed there from you snow blower..
We love how this feeder prevents larger birds from entry, but find the small cylinder annoying tiny, necessitating at least daily refills.
Bought a top notch grill, and added a top notch LP tank.  
shipping was great,and product seems very sturdy & well made
The hose, like most garden hoses, does it job and it looks fairly nice.  
If you've got a squadron of squirrels - there's no better feeder (all the Brome feeders) than this one.
Use good rubber or nylon or rubber washers and it will not leak.  
Removes most of the green string algae.
I ordered 2 of the Banjo Burners.
This test kit will get the job done, however, did not find it very easy to work with.
So far so good.  
I have used it only twice now......once on my large Stihl and once on my smallest.
I use this as the water line for my motorhome, no bad tastes, no kinks, no flow restrictions, and long enough to reach any camp grounds I've ever stayed.
This is a pretty good, big cover.
Saves a lot of work and is convenient to use.  
I find it works great as long as you use the correct dosage and use it every 3 days until the algae is gone.
Good product!
Quality control?
It works fine.
The hose still curls up despite having stretched it for over three weeks across my basement floor.
I use a post-hole digger to dig a clean right-sized hole, then cover everything with an inverted plastic bucket.  
This is a neat item and works well in my Kitchen Cabinets.
They work so much better than anything else out there and have been around for years.  
Say my temps fluctuate between 35* and over 120*.At least I know I need to get some ventilation on it day times thanks to the thermometer.
Actually bought this to replace a previous one.
Beautiful sound!  
We used it once and there's a split in the hose.  
We have an in-ground rock waterfall and that has a bad case of algae this year.  
I sprinkle them in my birdbath, gutters, anywhere there is standing water.
This is a good lopper.  
works ok if you leave the room dark....
Construction is mediocre - it feels like they've used the casting mold for WAY too long.  
This is probably the best multipurpose snow shovel out there!  
i really like this Rain Gage,very easy to read,easy to put up
The birds are now coming to my yard.  
No news is good news I guess.
May be to large for my 7' x 10' pond.
Shipping good.
Give a great taste to meats
There are some nice looking ones - brand unknown to me - made of a brass colored metal with nice hard plastic grips.  
This stuff is pretty strong for the small diameter.
The one thing I am disappointed in, is the head and blades rotate quite easily and I am not good at using my foot to straighten/ adjust the blades.
I found leaving them along the wall where the rats travel without bait works better.
I should have purchased this months ago, been comparing different brands, this sprayer is great and saves time as I have a 1.5 acre lot.
the whole jar was full in no time....
Waste of money!
Keeps the bugs off.  
Bought to make an auto water filler for my pool & it works great.
I think it can be a little cheaper.
Meanwhile the birds are happy as can be.  
I use one of these outside my horse barn and it works great!
Its more annoying than anything, but I do love the way the water fans out and I do use it.  
Yes ,It was a great purchase .I even purchased the Garrett Ace 250 one month later .
Whatever effect the UV light and mosquito lure have, it is a very weak one.
I had one of my two older Lacrosse sensors go bad
I don't really like smashing bugs into my walls and ceiling.  
This thing is complete junk.
Gets my sugar syrup for my bees to the temp needed.  
Compared to the old grill that had a second grate for coals to flavor, this systemon the new grill adds MUCH more flavor.
This soil tester showed that my soil was pretty neutral which was what i wanted to know.
Helped but no great relief, still got bites with it on
This stuff is GREAT !
Works great...a little smaller than I expected.
good quality,great deal for the money allows for a nice size fire safely
YES!
It is a good idea to get a mask to wear so you don't breate it in.  
It does need good water pressure to perform as required.
It fit perfectly..appears to be very sturdily made...shipping was fast and my down time was minimal...thanks amazon
but it's not as sturdy as I had hoped.
The adjustable length handle is a definite bonus, and the rake itself worked perfectly for what I needed it for, which was dethatching my lawn.
for the money it's pretty good and seems sturdy.
Dreadful odor and white worms in the soil!!!  
Wouldn't say I love it, because it smells pretty bad.  
Easy to use, appears to be durable enough to prevent leaves from falling into my pond.
Would've preferred a green or blue color but I guesd dull gray is acceptable.
This was easy to assemble and is very functional I am very pleased .
Has a decent weight to it.
These are very good pruning shears and will cut through way thicker stuff than I imagined.
I love the universal sprinkler head replacement.  
The eagle at the top turns out to be a...plastic thing that when inserted in the top spins around in the wind...
I have had the host sprayer for years and it keeps going fine.
That's too bad because the old design feeder had been my favorite.
This bracket is perfect for my Flowtron Fly Trap Dominator
I bought these to ok this to my new pond based on the reviews.
and it's easily stored.
Draws the bugs away from the porch when in use and eliminates them for good.
Organic solution to overgrowth of algae in small ponds - no need to poison the environment!
These bags are amazing.
Its very well built and at a great price.
the attachment coupling could be a better design.  
Oem Products
This is the only one he will use.
Recommended by life long campers and hikers.
Price was the best as I researched how much this Item costs even on sale at all different retailers.  
A very good product, my Tom Thumb impatiens are loaded with Blossoms using this product, ( I live in Malaysia as my second home )
LIKE THEY ARE MORE FLIMSY THAN THE A CARTRIDGES THAT WONT FIT
they are easy to read and place in the ground.
Doesn't work at all.
there are better products out there.
Best of all, after eight years of use, one of my hoses malfunctioned (got torn at the end).  
The cover seems to be durable and light enough to easily pull over the mower.
So why does it state that it's "pet safe"?Please use your best judgment when applying this product and take caution as you find necessary
These are of high quality material that easily help in the garden.
Seems like they're always crappier than a basic cheap hose.  
Just what you need to protect your out door funiture
This has ended up as my favorite.
Very good for gardening especially barrel and other container gardening...
Great product great price
Use where I can, lasts A LONG TIME
So now its a paperweight.
We'll see what grows....
Decent quality.
I can take this grill anywhere and it does a graet job on steaks and burgers.
I've used these for over five years in two different yards and have had excellent results.
This stuff works great.  
Great item for household and agricultural use.  
Great quality bedding fork - works as advertised and looks to be built very well.
Works great!
They are very good, high quality loppers.
Super happy with these.
Wish they made a sturdier base.
the one thing I can say is that it is quiet.  
I'm really glad I did!
This product was very easy to mix and spray.
(it's brown now, not like the picture).
Not worth a hundred bucks.
I took off one star for it not looking like it was supposed to, they say the bright yellow and bright eye will scare... mine came all black.
This was a great purchase, I use it for correct weather and also my alarm clock, very easy to use.
It lacks the ability to adjust the grill height (distance of food from charcoal).
For the price I don't mind the upkeep.
Excellent price and an even BETTER deal.
This is a really good grill for being electric.  
They still forage on the ground, which is fine with me.
I've gone back to Victor's old style single-catch, spring traps, but in their modern version with the large plastic platform, which works great.
The hummers seem to love it too!
Gives you great reach in tight spaces.
Had it installed by pool/spa man.
Hummingbirds seem to like it the best, it's the easiest I've had to clean (with a small brush), and lasts the longest.  
They are mailing us a new bracket.
$20 waste of money.
Very nice high quality shovel.  
What more is there to say?
Can't say enough good things about it.  
Final verdict.
And the ribbed tread does seem to make it climb the walls a little further than the stock tires.  
Works reasonably well at night - does not work during daytime at all
I've had it 3 years now and I'm totally happy with it by my pool and Amazon was great to deal with and I received my item quickly !!
Plugged it in and it went right to work.
Works good for it's purpose.
GobbleGobble...your turkey will never be the same again
Durable after years of use.
I had a 100 ft garden hose that was just too long to be manageable, so I cut it in half and used hose couplings to finish off the cut ends.
But, that was nothing a tea towel under the seed bed doesn't fix.  
Not good for large birds.
Disappointed.
This week has been amazing.  
Not bad but flexes a lot
Exactly as described.
Didn't like this to well.  
Safe for pets should be good, right?
While the hose is good, the cheap brass parts they use are not.
Perfect size bag will last quite a while for a single guy and his Weber.
I broke my red handle, so was afraid I'd have to buy a new sprayer, but this replacement value is much better than OEM.buy it even if you don't break your red handle!
a good investment for now.
They burn up after a couple of years, so you just buy another one.
Just an occasional zip sound as bugs got done in.  
From inside the pool adjust it all up so that the blue inner bucket is floating above the submerged bucket by a good 5 inches or so.
This is ok for splitting, kindling, and best for cutting some branches  off a tree.
Spring is the perfect time to start and the Compost Plus gives it a head start.
Deer are a constant problem.
Love it!Small, but a lot of fun.
This filter and housing were a poor design that allows dust leakage.
I agree with the other posters, that a sharpened edge on this tool would make it even better.  
Excellent, easy to sprout seeds.  
YES!!!  
Not a great fit .
Works great on leaves and pine needles.

I love this zapper.
My wife's favorite pastime is shelling on the beach and this is perfect for that purpose...just the right length and lightweight...perfect for looking through the beach debris left behind by high tide.
The finches love it.
This definitely seemed to help in clearing up my koi pond, bought for a second time today, does the job!
But was bought to scoop snow & be easier to use/lighter weight instead of steel/wooden shovels.
I like the dome height.  
I used it several times to sweep my 3/4 acre lot and it did a great job.
We have used the smoker about 4 times now......we love it!
Works perfectly for what I wanted to store
4 stars only because you can't find it any longer!  
Good rake.
Good buy!
In other words, it was cheap and it fell apart, but after fixing it, gave up and bought a higher price one that cleaned also.
Whoever said to use the drill rather than the crank was one smart cookie!
Does a great job of keeping the water from freezing.  
Works great.
I'm quite sure this grill cover will withstand many seasonal changes.
I got an ugly green one.
Just like a new car that comes with inexpensive OEM tires, this shredder comes with cheap strings.  
I had one of these for a while when I owned an RV.  
I've had this hose for several years and it does kink just like other hoses over time.
The birds took only two days to discover it as a source of food!
Very pleased with it
I have more ticks in my yard this year than ever before, so I don't think this works on them, and that is the main reason I got it.
This arrived packaged great, no dents or shipping damage.
Works well......
I love this hedge trimmer!  
My friend says it was probably so big that its tail kept the door of the small one open enough for it to take the bait and run.
I don't expect this will last more than a year or two as it isn't super strong, but a decent value for the price.
I bought this axe to cut up some rounds I had.
I call this my "pool tub" and have enjoyed it for three seasons now.  
This was a budget buy and did not really anticipate anything exceptional.
I like these except I got a pair that doesnt work so smooth as they normally do.
Had to adjust a little to fit right on the mower but works great.
I purchased several of these at $4.88 each and they are the best I've used so far.
This tool is amazing.
I like this, and I have had many tools that try to hide from the work.
Only part of it is, which was disappointing.
We are installing a large sunroom/greenhouse to the front of our house next spring so this was the perfect little item for me to try out greenhouse gardening.  
it is very nice washes well and dries well and we are proud to fly everyday
Beautiful sear marks and flavour2)
I haven't had a problem with woodpeckers since I purchased this!
To be fair, I have pretty hard water.  
Got this pruning shears for my wife's gardening tools.
Not what I expected.  
This keeps my pond clear all season.
ProsAlways top quality productsWorks as advertisedConsNone
All-in-all, a good hose at a good price, but perhaps not as kinkless as hoped.
Also, you can not pick this up off the barbecue, way too hot.  
This ladder was simple to put together, seems sturdy for my kids.  
and I don't expect a plug to last for years and Ill be looking for a plug that burns a little hotter based on another reviewers comment.
DON'T BUY!!!!!!!!!  
If you have a good imagination and you look just right, they kind of look like black birds, after you put on the stickers.
I can't help it , I love our little bird family..They need us , and we enjoy watching and listening to them sing up a storm..~!~So to those two reviewers , thank you , I'm happy I kept looking..~!~
I really think they make things taste weird, just like the grill directions say.
Definitely works.
To echo the many other positive reviews, this is an excellent value.
So well made...but so wish they scooped twice the load.
Educational toys are great and the concept of growing vegetables and observing their growth progress and root network still has some appeal.
Note:  the odor is NOT pleasant.  
It was a gift but it is what it says it is, replaceable head.
but I use the regular sheers on "drier" plants.
felco is the best: nothing compares.
I have the edger hog with orange plastic housing, maybe an older version of this item (?).
I am now using a small Sun System HID light and I am much happier.
They went into the ground fine, but were not suitable for providing extra support for some of my gladioli, which were drooping.
You can't really swat at anything on a surface or the handle will break.  
The shipment was extremly fast.
This will be great for pruning, when my product flowers!
very pleased.  
This item was well made and well worth the price.  
Good value for pruners.
Not as powerful as it claims to be.
I used to hate having a ton of slugs all over my yard.  
This is a good quality machine, but it does take some time to get used to using it.  
The head swivels which is perfect for all angles when watering your plants.  
Anyway, I love the product and am very happy with the purchase.  
Will not buy again.  
Nice flames...and sweet adjustments
I use organic broccoli seeds in my morning green kefir shake.
I don't know if these work for algae because after a few days they turned my water yellow brown and so I pulled them out.
I now purchase this one based on reviews and recommendations.
The first thermometer that I received was faulty (grossly innaccurate).  
I don't know about the temperature; but the moisture level number "seems" to kind-of match what is shown in my humidifier.
I think for the money its a good deal and who doesn't enjoy the sound of mosquitoes frying....
Weber product replacement was easy to install and is a bit better than the original.
I use these to maintain the swimming pool level.
In late summer and early fall the humidity was fine and at a comfortable level.
But it starts seedlings and clones just fine without light burn or anything of that nature!
A nice, lightweight tool.
This product is an excellent fly eradicator.  
Lovely product.  will be using to make compost tea for my gardening wicking baskets this year.
Nice plant so far.
I have pinched my fingers in them several times but they work well for removing spent blossoms from our many pots and baskets of geraniums so I will keep using them.
Rain resistant, well-constructed, solid topper forthe Weber; wipes clean easily, also!Good quality, fast shipping!
I like the design and functionality but the blades dull rather quickly.
Worked great for my chicken auto waterer.  
I bought it because of the good reviews.  
Easy cleanup.
Just as promised.
I have an orchid cart that does not have much space, but I found these lights very useful in allowing me to raise more plants indoors .
weekly or monthly treat works, one ounce to a gallon of water.  
gears are already broken, it won't move forward
They work great for about 6 months then the orange safety will fall off then shortly after the spring will fail.
I love it!!!The quality very good and I need it for my job!
It is 5' long but an extra foot would have been ideal for my 6' height.
The carry bag that comes with it makes it easy to store and keep all three piece together nicely.
Reliability remains a question.
This items appears to be about the best pest control product I have found.
Easy to install on any flat surface.  
Awesome splitting axe.  
Works great
Perhaps good for the price.
This Weber I love.
This is more than adequate for use when traveling but not for clothing you will be wearing a good deal over a period of many weeks.
Great clippers!
Comfortable.  
Works good as far as I know.  
Was packaged with everything you will need for a replacement except 3/4 inch adaptor for existing PVC line.
Overall a great rain gage.
Overall, we love it.
I bought the second one just in case.  
couldn't make the darn thing work
It will be great to use.
Birds love it.
My best defense has been to put a squirrel feeder 30 feet away and to place a corn feeder when they're being extra pesky.
It really does deter deer & rabbits.
A wonderful compliment to the other wind chimes in this series.
The best way to build picnic tables and benches by far.
Great for easy attachment of all your watering tools.  
Just as  advertised.
Has the coloring already added for easy refills.  
Our dog had this ripped apart in 10 minutes.  
I use the chuck it every morning and my wife uses it every evening, it's just as much funfor us as it is for the dog so remember to order the right size for your dog.
She is a very actvive dog and is in great health to begin with.  
this is only a little smaller than my 14ish lb chi mix, but he LOVES his hedgehog!  
Bought this toy for my Golden when he was 7 months old, it was a lot of fun for him while it lasted, maybe one month.
Good kit
Going on 3 years still tests good.
The deal here on Amazon is a great price.
this is the second lambchop
this is super fun for the cats...they took to it in a matter of seconds.  
I really like this, and it is easy to apply!
Lasted just two days til he discovered he could rip apart the seams!  
Smells nice, having cedar around a box is WAY better than little balls of clay litter.
Very disappointed....and so is my dog.
Good for the cat.  
One of the best purchases I have ever made!
I use two lights, so this is not a problem for me.
Perfect perch...my cockatiels hopped right on it and began using it immediately.
These are great for moderate chewers.  
I have a 50 gallon tank.  
All I know is that my cats, who don't like anything, clean their dishes.  
bear pays no attention to it.  
They this wet food.
In most cases you'll probably need to use it only once on the intended surface you don't want the cat to go on.
Just right consistency for my 16+yr-old outside cat.  
It does a decent job at sucking out a lot of particulates but if you're not careful you end up draining your aquarium pretty quickly.
Fetch could not be easier.
I'm not sure dosing the day before a water change makes much sense but according to Seachem their products are absorbed by the plants pretty quickly.
Not well made and a waste of money.
Super easy for one person to install too because it's fairly light, unlike some perches where you have to reach around or over the cage to secure it while holding it in place with your other hand - without causing everyone inside to freak out!
This is the most economical way to purchase.
Nice, but you could probably get regular tennis balls that would work just as well.
The cats loved it much, much more than Friskies.
I was finally able to get the cushions on my outdoor love seat clean, and it cleans up any spot on carpet or upholstery perfectly.
I have an Umbrella Cockatoo who destroys toys very quickly.  
my dog loves these hedgies.  
dog loves it.
You may want to get the next size down.
Unfortunately the pates' are beginning to bore the crew---nose in the air--tail up--walks away
Recommended.
It's a favorite of our Miniature Schnauzer and our Yorkie!
Bought the "replacement" ball too that lights up and have both balls in the toy and our kitty loves it!
Was great while it lasted, but if your dog loves to rip things apart, don't waste your money.
It doesn't throw quite as far as expected, but my dog gets so excited every time I pull it out.
FINALLY my cat doesn't have diarrhea.  
This is my dogs favorite toy...
My dogs love this.
They're great for scraping the tarter of his teeth.
Filters leaked carbon all over themselves and everything else they were packaged with, also much less carbon in each filter than a normal cartridge would contain.
Bullmastiff approved
The second I doctored it up the bowl was gone.
My dog loves these and they might be helping her arthritis
he tosses  it around, shaking it, squeaking it, and it's still in very good condition.
I hate Wellness now.
Perfect mix .
Fantastic for clearing water.
Does not work on Seachem Cupramine product.
My cat loves this food.
Quit killing fish and learn the art of fish keeping this being your best tool for learning about water conditions prior to dumping fish in to toxic waters.
You are looking for items like this because like me your dog chewed something up you loved.
Fit my Fluval intake tube exactly.
It completed my Master kit for my fresh fish aquarium, it is something anyone with hard water or a high PH needs to check.
So I'll keep buying this product.
I tried other puppy food and he didn't like it
Very thin also so not sure how long it will last.
Pet stain carpet cleaner.  
ok for smaller young koi
This is a nice, simple product and easy to use.  
The neckline is a little too loose.
Mumford loves these
Both my dogs love them.
I don't hate it but none of my cats will eat it.
If you want to lower PH and KH this is the cheapest route.
Definitely recommend to dog friends.
Cant really see a difference tho .
This is my dog's favorite treat.  
I won't feed my cats fish and one can't eat beef, so we just buy the Turkey and Chicken flavors, but they love it.
Packaging indicates 100 pieces.
It's reasonably priced and I highly recommend this product.
I am very happy with this product.
The only thing my new adoptee will eat.
Make sure to keep an eye on it, that's all!
But I would recommended it and It also was the cheapest options on this product range.
I am a veterinarian who is bossed around by a 20 yr old and an 18 yr old cat.
Right out of the package my dog loved it.  
Works extremely well and I will buy it again highly recommend to anybody with a dog
Disappointed.
My pups love these.
Both dogs love the taste and we love the ingredients
My cat seems to prefer this over all other litter.
Way too big for mouth.  
This stuff is awesome use 2 1/2 cups in a 5 gallon bottle of water let it mix over night and a easy saltwater water change!!!
Doves iog lt, even after stuffing taken out and all that's left is the "skin"
Healthy wet food for my 11 tear old dogs.
Great for cats too.
One scoop in one of his regular meals gave my dog horrible diarrhea.  
My dog (who is not an aggressive chewer, she has no problem with plush toys) chewed off the head within hours.  
Got the 64 ounce for my 135 gallon tank.
I'm a high end animal food snob and when my vet recommended friskies pate for my cat who had kidney issues, I was a bit shocked honestly.
Bought this for my youngest cat, he's not a year yet, he loves it, sat in the middle & swatted at the ball
Very cute toy for my dog!
This is a replacement toy, as my dog liked this bone so much!
Best tennis balls for dogs you can find!
I use half a bone a day on 5lb Chinese crested powder puff with a floating patella and she is so much more mobile and her back hips are not popping out anymore
I've been searching for high-quality canned cat (and dog) food for a while now and thought the Wellness pet foods used excellent sources of protein, superior and appropriate fruits and veggies and no grains or fillers.  
LOVE this filter!!
PLEASE MAKE THESE FOR SMALL DOGS!
Yes, I do love it.
Good food for my little one just as an additive to her dry food.
It is fantastic for the heartworm, tick meds that he gets once a month.
I ordered the Petmate Fresh Flow, having owned one in the past that my cats liked but I thought was a pain to clean.
It has a horrible odor!
Very disappointed.
Great lid for many different types of dog/cat canned food.
This REALLY works, my poor kitty suffered for three months with drainage from his eye and nose, making noise like he was sucking air through a straw.
The cyano I had disappeared, so I'm assuming it's working.  
I'm a huge fan of Marineland products because the fact is they're priced very well and they do a great job.  
My cats used it once.
Cats liked it, but got bored with it, and stopped eating it.
My cat loves this food.
I love these filters, I do not run a protein skimmer and my tank is over 3 years old.  
Only had it on my light-colored sofa for a short time till my puppy learned to stay off.
It works much better then other filters.
Cat still eats it, but I'll switch sizes in my next order.
Probably the best dog toy invention in the last 10 years, I keep two of these around in case I misplace one!
This food is palatable, affordable and I'm very happy to have tried it.
Overall , I love SeaChem prime!Aside for their rapidly fluctuating prices for the 3 different sized bottles, I think this product works well.
Believe it or not, I use this litter with two cats in my electronic litter box...it works GREAT!
but it's very cheap quality.
This is a great product.
Works great, would highly recommend this product especially if your going away from your tank, all you need to do is set up a live feed cam and you can keep an eye from where ever you are and clearly see your Ammonia levels at hand.
This 50ml bottle has the dropper cap which makes it perfect for treating small amounts of water.  
As an "airline" tube, this stuff is perfect.  
Her cat won't at anything else!
They Love it and sit there more than any other space in the cage.
My cat LOVES this brand.
This supplement has been very easy to introduce to my dogs diet and in fact she thinks it's a treat and loves the gravy it makes when I add a little water and stir it in.
So I'm not sure it's as standard as it claims to be.  
Totally recommend.
Hands down, some of the best money I've ever spent on an aquarium.
This is the only dry cat food I buy, it's moderately prices, and is a good product that the cats never get sick on unlike the cheaper brands.
She contacted me the next day and said she was sorry but she wanted to return it to me so perhaps I could get my money back.
Works great.
So it works...average.
Purchased this stand to support a ceramic heat emitter for my daughter's hedgehog.  
I have an older cat that likes to watch the two younger ones play with the ball, but he just seems to enjoy the scratcher portion in the middle.  
My cats love this scratcher/toy.  
our dogs work hard for their treats
My dog tore this apart and I was afraid he'd choke on the pieces.
This mixes with water and we feed with an eye dropper for brand new baby lovebirds and a small syringe for older babies.
Awesome filter, 5 stars!
My cat is hard to please but she will play with this toy a couple times a day...
Took my cats 5 min to figure out how to avoid this and now it sits in a crumpled ball in my closet.
I love this buddy leash.
Not sure why, but my puppy didn't like these, she won't eat them at all.
Great stocking stuffer for Christmas!
The diameter is perfect for our green cheek conure.
I wish they offered that on the other one (and not just as a separate purchase practically doubling the price!).All in all it has worked fantastic.
Well, I guess this is not as fun as the other toy
I give it a 2 because he really liked it before he broke it
Great for both puppies & adult dogs..No artificial flavors or colors..Easily digestible grain free-no corn,soy,wheat.
It seems healthy and great, but my dogs did not like it.
my smallest dog enjoyed this.
Everything was great....exactly what I ordered.
Overall, fairly good stuff.
Works great.
The fleas are still there.  
My dog likes these biscuits and I think they help her digestion.
My cats favorite canned food.
My puppy destroys every toy we buy her, and this bone has stayed completely in tact and kept her busy for days!
Great little treats.  
they Loved this food.
The tropical smell is great!
The litter clumps nicely which is important as I have three (soon to be four) cats.  
But this chew has managed to last.
So small breeds shouldn't be given tough Nylabone toys like this Dinosaur model.  
I LOVED this duck, she however, is jealous of it.
My Dog Loves These!
it's not as good as chrystal clear, but does an o.k job at making cloudy aquarium water look clearer.
I wish All-Glass Aquarium company made filters.
Favorite toy of my 90lb boxer.  
Love this hose and definitely worth the money spent.
Not the same as the very cute one I ordered before.
I found one at a thrift store for a quarter, but liked it so much that I bought one at full price for my daughter.
My cats love this toy!  
Cats' favorite!
I won't order toys like this from Kong again.
So far I am very pleased!  
As a pan, it doesn't keep the litter in like a covered box, but it works just fine.
The dogs love it.
MUCH better than regular airline tubing.
We carry this smaller one in the RV and the Lab just loves it.
Much better conditioner than tetra-aqua AquaSafe.  
If your dog likes to play fetch, he/she will love this thing.
When my husband and I bought a house, I immediately purchased a ton of "backyard" toys for the then dog, now dogs.
This is a TERRIBLE dog toy.
It works perfectly with the terrarium I purchased off Amazon.
This item does keep water cold and ice is still in the bottle at the end of the day.  
Works perfect!
This stuff is an aquarium staple.
The best brand of hay for bunnies!
(Note: the crinkly box-filling paper and the shipping box were nice bonuses that the cats loved playing with/in.
Cool dog chew toy but wish you could pick which shape you got!
All my cats seem ro really like it.  
Not to mention fewer filter cleanings and a healthier pond.
The hole to insert the treats is the same width the whole though.  
My dog is used to the usual squeak of his toys.
This was a better size for my dog.
It's primarily a matter of taste with dog treats, but I ultimately didn't think these were particularly healthy for the teeth of my dogs.
I did test the feeder to see how well it would keep wet food cold and it did a pretty good job.  
All of my cats loved this toy, which is still in one piece!
It removes chlorine, chloramine, ammonia and detoxifies nitrite and nitrate and provides an excellent slime coat.
Like all other API test kits I use it works and is easy to read the results.
Very easy to set up and the collar is easy to set.
My dog destroyed this in five minutes.
The dogs seem to enjoy them.  
Like every other week.
When I had it on the floor one cat almost pulled out one tray  from the closed feeder within 30 seconds.
If you have a larger tank and do frequent water changes, it's god to be able to get the gallon at a good price.
My dog loves these
Wow this toy is great!  
My dogs LOVE this toy, and it's easier on the ears than typical squeak toys.  
Works wonderful!  
I needed this to get my Water conditions set up right for an Amazon river  Biotrope aquarium, which requires soft acidic water first need to get the water under 6 degrees of hardness, this kit allowed me to monitor my changes and get the water just right reccomend it if water hardnness is important to your aquarium.
Exactly what I needed, and I like being able to alternate colors.
Mama cat and Little Bit enjoy this food; but as their style some is left behind for the other cats in the area.
Even my older cats play with it for hours by themselves, and scratcher refills are cheap on Amazon.
good product.
But she does not like this canned food at all.-I'm sure it's a very good cat food, and I would (also) recommend it ONLY if I could explain my experience with it.-Just because my cat does not like it, does not mean anything, just that she does not like it.  
My dog doesn't love the taste so much.
She misses her old toy a little, but the duck is quickly growing on her.
Best of any feeders.
Cats love it, poops don't smell as much, and no hairballs/other health issues.
Keeps my chickens really cozy at night~
Our dog got stung once and will not even try to cross over he comes to a complete stop.  
When all else fails, here's how I keep Kitty from personalizing my floor.  
I have four cats, a couple of whom have minor ongoing health issues.
I bought my first one for keeping a cat who likes to mark her territory away from her favorite marking spot in the house.  
Some of the best products for doggies on the market are in the Chuck-It family!
Works well.
It is unfortunate that this has meat by-products as the largest portion of the protein it contains.
My cat has been eating this for years and now she refuses it.
But, they didn't hold our dog's (Great Dane and Great Dane mix) interest.
be gentle and don't force trying to set it up, or you will break them.
She loves this ball!
The best HOB filter made!
The boy seems to love these treats and looks for any opportunity to earn one.
This stuff only yellows my water and browns my plants.
Great for dogs that need to burn some energy.  
This is a item used for my kitty with eye problems and they are a perfect fit.
It's really great because it carries small traces of every nutrient that plants need and it's safe for invertebrates!
My dog loves this and it is hard to find in stores.
In our house, my now-10yr old retriever LOVES Webster-Duck.  
It's great food.
Good standard size aquarium tubing.
I really like the Vetri-Science vitamin/mineral supplement.  
my 10 pound chihuahua loves it!
It's nice to have a supplement to my regular water testing routine.
I ordered nylon bags before this came and the holes were to big for normal charcoal, this will be perfect for the bags.
Tried both several times with the same results.  
My cat love it
I like the concept of being hands free but you do need to be careful.  
My cats loved this product.
Fast shipping.
Switched back to Blue Buffalo.
MY DOGS GET THESE TWICE A DAY
It's not a bad toy and works as expected but since it isn't being used to play with...
One of the few chew toys my dogs (Basenjis) don't immediately destroy like durabones!
Amazing making my water changes fast and easy.
Love the chuck it, especially since I don't have to touch the slobbery ball and can easily keep my pupper running.
Great for strong chewers!
Now I feel bad for making her eat something that was obviously not right.  
Other than that, it is a good salt.
Given the cost per bag, I wouldn't expect them to become useless in 500 days.
My cat loves it and ordering it this way means I'm not running to the store every time I turn around.
It works okay to distract my dog and get her to chew her toys, she loves sturdy things like this, but the doesn't seem to be a huge fan of the flavor.
Best price.
My cat who will be 2 tomorrow loves this.
This is the only brand of hydrometer that I will use.  
I use it to clean the seats in my car.
Our birds like it.  
But it really throws a long way so you'll need a big dog that likes to run and a lot of space
It is easy enough for the cats to push through, but still creates a good barrier.
These always work wonders on my miniature water lilies.  
I like this toy!  
My cat has been eating this her entire 5 and 1/2 years.
I have a big dog and she loves this little bone, it's not so big so medium small or large dogs could probably should it's very hard nylon so it's hard to destroy
IN addition to adding distance to the throw, also easier t pick up the drool covered ball from the ground without bending over or touching itWorks great with standard tennis balls as well as the special chuck-it orange balls
These seem to be doing what they are intended to do,Great !!.
My gerbils love this food!  
I love chuck it and the pole to throw balls with but still have not found the "perfect" ball for my pups :0)
Wellness Canned Cat Food, Chicken Recipe, 3-Ounce Cans, Pack of 24 - AWESOME!!!!!
I put 12 drops in a 5 gal bucket while the water is filling.
These treats work well for my 1 year old GSD.
Carolina Dog (American Dingo) loves Mr. Duck above all others.  
Remember apply acording to yout tank size and aftet that add salt for the amount  of water you change.
Great play toy for cats!
Sophie loved her Christmas gift
Well made and sturdy, easy to attach.
Not so much.  
Since I have another filter in the sump area, I am surprised by just how dirty the filters get - proving that the filters are doing their job.
It doesn't leak because no of 'O' rings, it quiet and skims excellently within 1-2 days of installing it.
That being said, none have leaked yet, so if you manage to get over the initial difficult set up, it should work fine.
Both my dogs like the flavors and eat it every day, Charlie is full of energy and my older dog Molly's coat is so soft and shiny .
The rocks were much larger than I expected but they dissolved quickly so it's all good!
My allergy prone dog loves these treats.  
My fish are happy and healthy and I'd like to believe that this salt helps with that!
I needed something to feed my dog on weekends.
Works just like it should in my fluval 304!
Our Dogs Don't like these.  
Perfect:  fits the standard size cans, seals tightly, and is easy to remove by pushing up on the little ears.
The product is good.
My dogs favorite toy!
If you love your cat, stay away from this stuff!  
This product has kept my dogs both off couches and away from outside doors that they would scratch at to ask to be let in.
We have an incorrigible 4 year old orange & white creamsicle cat.
This survived a lot longer than most, though nowhere near as long as the Kong Cozie
I bought this for my older cat and now have gone back to a regular plastic box.
I also really like that I can give the wee ones a smaller piece and the larger pup gets a larger one, all without any mess.
it fits my 18 pound dachshund and he absolutely loves it, along with my 7 pound dachshund.
That said its probably one of the better doggie goggles out there.
Thank you thank you thank you!!!!  
Cats and dogs hate it so that's a good thing.
I imagine the mats are stronger.
My dog loves these treats.
Inserts are available at most pet stores.
Working great...
It is a good all around vitamin supplement for dogs.  
Yeah rite I mean left
She loves it...
I bought this for my foster pit bull as a tear up toy.
Seachem is normally a good company but I have no idea why they advertising this product as working for ich.
Does what it is supposed  to do
A lot of people say this isn't a very nutritious brand of dog fog because most of the things pictured on the bag aren't in it.
Still LOVE my Python.
This is a great device.  
My  dogs love this duck, they have lots of toys but all want to play with this plush toy and for some reason they havn't ripped it apart yet which is so strange for 3 boston terriers...  will order this one again :)
He has much trouble breathing, reverse sneezing and sounds like he's breathing through a straw at times.  
I only gave it a 4 star because they prefer Friskies/Fancy Feast, but do eat it, so worth a try, especially since it's the better nutritional/quality canned food.
Then once he started getting comfortable, this is one of his favorite toys.
My dog loves this brand and since he's a small puppy the size of each bite is just right for him.
Received the product very quickly and at a good price.
This is a nutritional cat food and my cats seem to like it.
It's pretty solid on the whole.
AND SO DO THE SQUEAKERS!!!  
This is really easy to use and keeps me from wearing out my arm when I'm trying to tire out my dog at the dog park.
Turned around my cat's health.
Amazon should have feedback rules like ebay or something.  
I literally drain and fill a 20 gallon tank in 10 minutes.
great , working good.
This is a favorite cat toy in our house!
It's such a cute toy just wish it had lasted longer.
This product exceeds my expectations in all areas and I will make this my regular sea salt.
I think this is good for plants that get nutrients out of the water like watersprites or wisterias.
My mini Goldendoodle loves this toy.  
Now that I am in Michigan and humidity has gone from 10% to 90% it does not clump that well.
Avoid this manufacture's failure of a filter.
It's not his favorite toy but only because it is durable and he doesn't like that as much.
I really do love our littermaid.
Used this in a new aquarium.  
In Texas our water is pretty hard so a little definitely goes a long way.
As advertised and expected
And, yes, these bubbles are great fun for house cats, too.
This works well.  
good idea making it universal!
when to local hardware and bought better hose and reuse all the fittings.
It does smell a bit chemically when you put it on, but I'm assuming that it has to due to the chemicals it contains to kill and repel the invertebrates its meant to.
I love it because it's one of the least obnoxious smelling cat foods I've ever come across.  
I don't know if buying the carbon in a one pack is the same as buying it in the 3 pack, but the 3 pack carbon I bought from Aquaclear had an eerie odor when I opened the packages.  
The charcoal and ammonia are very small and falls out of my mesh bag.  
My Golden Retrievers just love it!
Puppy ate it at first...now often won't bother with it, even when I mix with real meat.  
This is the only litter my cat likes.  
It is not my dog's "go to" toy
Oh well, maybe it's my water.
My boys are very hyper and active, they love chasing their balls and mewing @ the top of their lungs.
My dogs love it !
Hands down my 4 month old puppy's favorite toy.
It's a little noisy, you might want to keep it in a room not near your bedroom...
Excellent cat food.
it's great for a younger dog.
It's easy enough to pour but if I was going to nitpick SOMETHING...
we (cats and humans) love this.
It's a good size and even when my cats scratch on it, you can't tell
Another of Rover's favorites.
Great purchase.
This is a great pet toy.
Returning was easy.
This cute little duck is soft and fluffy with an added bonus of squeaking.
This cat food is a serious reject for all my 6 cats and even the ferals won't eat it.
However, this is still a good product post replacement with a larger litter box because it is a good place to store cat/kitten toys, food, bedding, and assorted pet items.  
This filter is really nice but for a tank that is 10 gallons and not a deep tank.
You don't want phosphate in your tank, it will create alge.
It has worked great keeping my cats from scratching our bedroom door.
I'm so glad I bought these because both dogs love these
Best money ever spent on a dog toy.
Dogs don't like them either.
easy to use, always works!
Need to put a little extra muscle into it if you want to throw it far, but overall a great buy and has lasted a long time.
Ducky is lasting a lot longer than expected in a multiple GSD household.
Still consistently the best brand of walnuts for me
Definitely won't be buying these again.
I disliked the powder gatorade as a kid and i think of that whenever i see these drinks.

I recommend to everyone.
It's a great go to treat instead of many other sodas.
But they are the bandaids we use the most, because they work the best.
If you haven't tried it you haven't lived
Love this coffee for work in a electrical percolator pot.
Great at collecting sauce and meat bits inside for extra flavor.
Amazon delivers right to my door so that's awesomely convenient in the quantities I buy.  
The potatoes are the only decent part of this soup.
The manufacturer would like you to use quite a lot in each load; I have experimented with quantity and found that far fewer pellets still get the job done nicely.
The scent is very good and the cleaning is just as good.
Favorite soda
Sweet and flaky and golden.
it is sweet, it has a lot of sugar in it.
Good coffee.
and I love that the ingredient list is small and natural :)
works good for cleaning up cat vomit on the carpet.  
This is my second go around on writing a review for this item.
I like to keep it chilled in the fridge before I eat it.
These crackers are not overly salty like some crackers are in my opinion.
A very good product and smells great.
YUMMY!!!!
I love using this to make dairy-free rice pudding and my family loves eating it.  
Tastes kind of funky but still does a nice job of cleaning.
This has a very strong beef flavor without having a bouillon taste.
Their zip lock baggies, what can you say?
I really love it on Cajun food.  
I do miss the good ole' days of flakes completely covered in sugar, instead of getting a light dusting.
I love Viva paper towels.
These are the best potatoes I have ever had anywhere.
They say it tastes great!
I wanted something more natural with no artificial sweeteners or corn syrup.  
I liked this pretty good but couldn't find it the next time I ordered stuff.
my favorite dish soap
Yum Yum Yum
The best water crackers around.  
I really like the blackberry filling flavor.
THIS CAN BE DANGEROUS !!!!
We loved this cake mix
Put one by the bed, just have to wake up enough to drink 1/2 to get your butt outta bed.
I was surprised how many paper towels were on the roll, I usually buy bounty.  
Good packaging.  
I like to drink grape juice, and in my opinion Welch' s 100% grape juice is the best there is.  
I love all Aveeno products.  
So I bought two.
My 3 year old is obsessed with these.
Lacking in flavor and consistency - watery and rather tasteless.
These two "Dinky" little bottles are totally more expensive than the super market.
I absolutely love this Method Foaming Sea Minerals Hand Wash, as do the other members of my family!First, it washes off very easily and does not leave any film or residues.  
Great flavors, and soft!
Forgot how good these taste.
definitely a good price, perfect pantry item that I like to keep in stock
My 10 month old dog has been eating this for the past two months and he really likes it.
This is a great product.  
Great product to have around!The adhesive bandages stay on all day (on dry skin).
One of our solutions is to keep a goodly stock of Pasta Roni (Herbs and angle hair pasta is our favorite) in our pantry.
I love cinnamon and the fullness of flavor.
This water has consistently good-tasting, I also like the bottles: less plastic!
Excellent tasting, extremely flavorful.  
Great to not have to listen for the rinse cycle again for the softener!
Watch your circulars, sometimes you can find a better deal locally but if you are buying multiple items from the pantry, this is the better deal.
It was a little too think for my taste so I used milk, after that it was great :)
My husband uses copious amounts of ketchup.
As expected
Quite salty, but good nontheless.
I love the smell and it really seems to last.
Won't buy again.
I keep trying other brands but keep coming back to this Clam chowder.  
I am a Mrs. Meyer's convert and now use the dish soap, hand soap, laundry detergent and dryer sheets.  
My favorite flavor of my favorite snack.
Love these guys with some soup Also easy for kids to eat for upset tummies
I choose the specific soap for the container flavor.  
It's a pretty big bag on its own, so it should last a while!
Just wish amazon shipping folks could learn that you don't pack chips in the bottom of the box and pile everything else on top.  
I love these things, they make washing clothes just all that much easier.
Love Planter's nuts.
It is a handy seasoning product to keep in the kitchen, but it is not all that remarkable.  
You want a tasty cracker but you want a natural and healthy alternative...this is it!
Otherwise, it's less than mediocre on tough stains like food and grass.
cool, huh?  and no one knew the difference because these are the best pork and beans ever.  
What I wanted is what I got...
Nutella... even better than napster!
Excellent.
First, Kleenex is always my favorite brand for tissues.
I thought the flavor would be better....
Good for a quick meal, but not very substantial.
They're better, in our opinion, than any other paper towel on the market.
With the best reputation, they don't even seem to advertise-best tasting tuna that can be used for salad or in any recipe requiring tuna fish.
It made it 'too soft' and unable to hold a style.
I like that they are 100 percent juice with no added sugar.
It is unsweetened; however, the taste is incredible!
Great tasting pancake mix last a long time too!
Great filling snack if you can eat salt.
But I don't like the feel of the paper towels in my hands at all.
Tastes pretty good.  
Delicious.
my fave scent by mrs meyer's.
IT'S OK,BUT MY BABY DID'T LIKE TO EAT.
, LOVE this coffee.
works well
Great size for tucking into gym bags.
I am an adult that loves fruit snacks, and these are some of the best!
Spicy flavor...not the sweet bars you usually get.  
I thought it would taste much better than this, and it definitely did not.
Awesome price in the Prime Pantry!
My family loves this!
I really like these handy fresh smelling cloths...
SMELL IS FANTASTIC !
The next evening before my daughter takes a bath I rinse the shiny film off b/c I don't want that in her bath water.
I love being able to see what gets pulled out of my face.
20 Count Frito Lay Variety Sack, Flavor Mix, is a mix of your favorite Frito Lay flavors!  
I'm a life long Dobie user.
My favorite flavorEasy to grab one of these for something a little different without drinking pop.
Very good; wished it didn't have so much sugar
well...
Works quite well; a bit too high in price.
When the dishwasher is running, the kitchen always smells great from Cascade too.  
cracker-- so perfect snack for all ages!
Good taste, consistency, and function.
But for a normal office job type day, it goes the distance.
I have tried Bob Mills corn bread mix and was very dissapointed.
It's disposable, and thus wasteful, but I knew that before purchasing.
Love Dole fruit bowls!  
it's okay
Bad breath???  
Very filling for an under 200 calorie meal replacement.
The results were so good that I now use it as a regular moisturizer for my face.
Almost a pound of candy.
Would recommend
As expected.
Great product.
I love the taste and can eat it for breakfast, lunch, dinner and midnight snack!
These convenient snacks are perfect for children & adults.
Used them in rice Krispy treats
These will definitely pull the crowns off of your teeth if you are not careful.
Gerber Puffs are great, they basically melt in your mouth meaning that they minimize the choking hazzard for our kids when they are learning to eat solid foods; we fed these to our son when he was learning to eat 2 years ago, and now we feed these to our 7 month old daughter as she is learning to eat.
Very versatile condiment, especially good with any type of fresh or cooked vegetables
awesome cereal.
I like this shampoo.
Product was in great shape, not flat and bottles were not damaged.
The fruit spread tastes good with peanut butter for sandwiches.
Well,Delicious -- surprisinglyly so -- are these the kinds they dry green grapes to make?
I was hoping to like this water.
Excellent product and shipping.
Love my Jif.  
Great scent and great product!
We love banana bread and it's a great way to get walnuts, which are good and healthy!  
Yummy scent, economic size.
Never ate these soups.  
love it , cleans well.
One good oatmeal, peaches & cream, is to start the morning.
Not greasy...
Don't be cheap, spend a little more money to get a better quality food for your dog.
wipes, arrived on time good price
Sure doesn't last long.
I love being able to find the scents offered here that you can't find in the stores.  
This is one of the only cleaning products that I continue to buy on a continous basis.
Taste great
The taste was overly sweet and it left a bad aftertaste.  
We buy these frequently.
These are a favorite of mine.
They work great and passed my septic system just fine as that's my biggest concern living in an apartment building.
Acid 25Vitamin B12 35(-) Information is currently not available for this nutrient.
Great batteries for a great price!
Love these dryer sheets!
I try to eat walnuts every day as their health benefits are many.
Nice, thick and hardy.
They make life a bit easier and this quart size is nice for freezing leftovers too.
I Have No Problem With This Product.
Great crackers that are tasty alone or with spreads.
My grandchildren want to dust because it's so easy and fun!
Great peaches.  
It's ok, nothing special doesn't seem to work as well as other shampoos I use.  
gr8 overall transaction . .
Just perfect size wise when I freeze several servings of home made vegetable soup.

BOTH have real sugar, yummy!
I think these are really great tortilla chips.  
I have extremely dry skin, and I bought this thinking it might be as good as my old favorite that has been discontinued.  
I used this as a cleaning agent in my pool, so the large size was perfect for that!
Very happy customer!
Purchased this item via prime pantry (which is awesome), and it is better than most other agave on the market.  
It's not overly sweet, and it's nice and firm.
The mint flavor is a nice touch as well.
Really tasty!  
My husband used this shampoo as well as myself and we both really liked it.
Not worth the cost.
I prefer Saran wrap over other brands.
Always tastes great, never overly molasses-y or too dry and caramels and brittles turn out great!
It tastes amazing but is high in calories.  
The Berry Blend tastes great.
If you want my secret recipe, send a note to bufbob@juno.com
The picture shows big pecans.
What a great product!!!
These are my boyfriend's favorite and I can't stop eating them either.
Great sponges for every day use washing dishes.
Wonderful as always!!  
Great way to provide nutritional needs with out having to worry about sky rocketing glucose levels and digestive issues.
It's sweet.
Barilla Pasta is always good...and even better when you can get a special price on it on Amazon!
Will buy again, good price.
Haven't used long enough to tell yet how good it's going to be..but I'm keeping my fingers crossed.
Works as intended and a quality sponge to boot.
Thinner and crispier than regular Tostitos, a lot more like the chips at an authentic Mexican restaurant.
and I didn't really like taking off my mascara with them.
These band-aids are garbage.
I really enjoy this flavor and so do the kids
Only comment would be to be aware that these are the SMALL snack size bags.  
A great source of protein, it's heart healthy and very good.
I love the feel of this spray.
My great aunt is a very discerning housekeeper and always has the best things in her home.
Not bad for an easy dinner, but as a vegetarian the little pieces of soy in the chili tend to mimic meat a little bit and sometimes I'm not the biggest fan.
While these diapers don't hold as much liquid as the size 6 Kirkland diapers, there are no other brands of size 7's.  
Just try it, youll like it.
Love it in my iced tea, diet cola and for baking.
YOU CANNOT GO WRONG WITH V8 SPLASH.
Like eating crunchy cardboard.
My other son drinks this and loves it.  
Used these for years because they are easier on septic system.
I love this product.
Easy to throw these tasty bars in a bag or glove box for a quick snack on the go!  
Fresh and my favorite just know that this is the smaller plastic container of coffee, not the normal size in stores.
These are a classic, good, mild tasting snack for little ones.
It's sweet, spreadable and chocolatey.  
Nice big box of gallon size bags.  
TOTALLY SMASHED!!!!!
Whitens well, just need to pregame a week before with sensitive toothpaste if you have sensitive teeth.
I'm not a fan of weird flavor combos but love the classic orange flavor of this.
ALSO TASTE GREAT
Fruit blended into a great melody.
Works just as expected.
I'm the only one in the house that enjoys tuna fish so this product is perfect for me.  
I don't care for the pecan variety.  
I like big ruffles in front of my eyesThose other products can't denyWhen a chip walks inWith a ridge too thinIt just crumbles on my chin and gets FLUNG
One container lasts a long time because you don't use much.  
I have eaten this brand for years, the price on here is the cheapest I've seen.
This product did not work for me at all, i tried cleaning different products and surfaces but it did not clean well.
The towels are very moist so they helped clean areas that otherwise would not have been cleaned with less wet towels.
A good product, fairly priced and delivered to my door!
They are sweet, but not as sweet as the bottled Frappacinos and these are definitely stronger than the bottled fraps.
I like the originals and these work just fine
I used these for dinner last night.
I really like the cheese little cheese fish .
but they don't do mirrors very well.
It has a fresh crisp flavor.  
It's the best!
Quick, good but a little on the salty side.
It is the best... in my opinion.
Yum.  Love these for a lunchbox snack or just throw one in a backpack.
I like it.
Also pretty good to eat by the teaspoon when a chocolate craving strikes at midnight
good price  in the pantry and delivered to your door
It helps add flavor to cooking.
Good chip
This size is very convenient.
You will like it once you get used to it.
Makes your hair soft, smells wonderful, and doesn't break the bank.
Don't be quick to assume that not everyone dislikes jello...dont forget about the husband.
It's hard to review "water", but for the price, this is great!  
They are really great quality and reusable for multiple times.
I bought these on a warehouse deal and figured for the price I'd risk getting something stale but these were actually super fresh and perfect for melting down to make my fudge I bring to the homeless as a special treat.
Good for a quick snack
The Dole peach bowls are good for this purpose as well.
LOVE MANWICH
It's an old friend of mine and it can be yours too!
I love how it's not as sweet as other animal buscuits
Good for daily use to stay fresh
If I bought more and didn't hide them, my brother would be diabetic by now
I love that 90% of the time La Croix satisfies my craving for a carbonated drink so I don't find myself consuming as many sugary drinks.
Perhaps not everyone's favourite, but well loved and tasty on sandwiches!
It's very runny, but it still works decent.
recommend it for anyone who wants strength and quality
Quick and easy meal.
we like the kind you actually cook, but for those times when you crave a QUICK bowl...
Amazon has 3 lime waters on the site and this is the worst of the bunch.
Arrvd on time & well pkd.  
My kids love them with meatloaf to hamburgers.
It looks like a dried on snot ball, I'll be going back to making my own!
i do not recommend any kashi cookies.
Very moistGreat productEasy to make....
What's not to love about potato chips????
With its flared cap, it stands up nicely in the medicine cabinet unlike most toothpastes.  
Great price
Love your paper towels - these would be great if you make your own disinfecting wipes.
Good quality tuna
this is a great cleaning product!
Bless her sweet heart.
Great on stainless sinks, tile, bathtubs, and dishes.
I can eat several of these they are so good, and the juice is nice and light.  
This mouthwash burns a little but it leaves you feeling fresh and clean.
The lamb and rice formula is the only one that he tolerates and does not give him gas.
g 0%SODIUM 30 mg 1%TOTAL CARBOHYDRATE 0
These batteries are one of my favorites for quality and longevity.
Don't know, maybe the fish were twerking.
Horrible.
this lotion actually makes my skin feel good and not just moisturized.
Always pricey.  
Hands down the best flavor.
Water is just great.
Boys baseball pants - the clay stains, grass stains, dirt.... does a great job.
THE GREATEST SANDWICH SPREAD
Weighs down hair.
This twists off easy with no mess!
Good product.
Not something  I Would buy again
nice  but stick to your teeeth
Great price and quality as well.
They're a little bland; depends on what you like in a cashew.
Absolutely my favorite hand cream!  
Great tea, not my favorite with lemon, prefer to add my own.
They're a great healthy alternative to sugary snacks.
Lundberg rice is always delicious and I like that it's organic.
Kids love this stuff.
Cool baths didn't help.
Love these and use it in my own snack mix.
If it were full price I would have probably gone with a better conditioner, but at barely over $1 I am very happy with this.
The flavor they have is nice but they need a little more.  
Oranges.  
I thought these were organic but their just made with some organic ingredients.  
The texture is unique, and seems to do a good job.
Or diet I'm always looking for more natural product
The lavendar smell is very pleasant and lasts for a surprising amount of time.
Seems to clean well, but with all soaps I have to add citric acid to prevent white film on dishes.
These Lysol disinfecting wipes have a  great texture for cleaning!  
Viva Towels are the best.  
Shrinks my pores right up!
The serrated cutting edge works nice
THIS IS NOT ACCEPTABLE!!
Cleans perfect..leaves mirrors and widows looking super clean!
Works far better than Aleve or Tylenol.
Great quality cotton swabs
Everybody liked them.  
Great product I keep buying, 50 calories a serving.
Pistachios are so good but they are expensive so this is for when you want to treat yourself to something special.
ouch, leaves a burning sensation
I wouldn't mind if they had perhaps reduced its thickness or used a different/cheaper design, but not having one at all is annoying.  
Great stuff.  
My rating guide:*****5 stars: Wow!
These are better than the cheap ones.
Portability is nice, but extremely wasteful.
I'm NOT a soda drinker.
8 bottles still cant stand up.  
Decent salsa, just needs fix it up some.
Love to make nacho with this brand!
there is nothing quite like the taste of Crisco
I enjoy these Crunchy Peanut Butter Cliff bars!  
I appreciate the convenience of having it at the door.
Albacore tuna is the best tuna.
I wish these were less expensive, because I eat them by the handful.
LOVE THESE BARS
I like to mix it with apple juice
Good value for the brand.
Didn't really whiten any.
In recipes, on food, it just tastes better.
Good price
way better priced!
Love this stuff, it sticks to the sides of anything.
but I thought they would have s stronger flavor.
Great way to stay clean and fresh.
This is great for taking for lunches or for traveling.
Worth noting - I am reviewing the product, not the seller.  
I think this may be my favorite fragrance from Dove soap and I think I have tried them all....
So glad I can get them through Prime Pantry and not have to leave the house!
Nice not overpowering scent, great moisture without greasy feel, and the price!
Hubbys favorite soda!
You will be glad you did, if you have children who don't like to take pills.  
The popcorn is delicious.  
Tasty snack.
I buy this shampoo for my nephew who deals with dandruff, it's his favorite shampoo.
This is a staple in every Puerto Rican household.
Decent price and delivered as promised.  
DeCecci: best pasta in Italy.
We liked the natural ones, but they don't last or scrub as well.
It's not like I can do a double blind study on this, and I continue to use them once in a while because they've got what seems to be a legitimate reputation for effectiveness as a mild, and non-addictive, non-harmful, sleep aid.  
Comparable to a Trader Joe's product, maybe slightly less expensive.  
Convenient and clean
Tasty though!
I don't like to feel the edge of a panty liner, that can be annoying.  
All around good peanut butter.
My kids love these, they are a favourite in our house.
Better price than I can buy in stores near me and the nuts are fresh and in big pieces which I like,  Will order again
This was a good flavor, but I like some of the other flavors better.  
Great tasting.
Right size good stuff I use it all the time and price was almost in line I pay $5.30 when it's not on sale $ sale I get for 3.40 and that when I buy it!
not very tasty
Smart bottle, fine product.
Does not clean as well as home-made laundry soap but is great for sensitive skin
Does not cause rash, but best of all the Bandaid it stays on!
I love this flavor and pasta, ts easy to make and perfectly delicious every time.
Use the green side lightly on vinyl floors (don't scratch the surface), with Mr. Clean.  
Great deal and my kids love all of the flavors.
Don't care for solid bar soaps, so this is just fine.
It will clean regular use dishes pretty well without a bunch of extra fuss like rinsing (although I do recommend scraping off big bits if your dishwasher has a problem with back-washing into the dishes in the top rack like mine does) but don't expect it to clean really dirty pots and pans (for that you'll be wanting something like&nbsp;<a
Bottles were smaller than last order
These work well, like baby wipes, but not as thick and flushable!
Scoops are my favorites corn chips in the Tostitos line.  
Buy this all the time; Gluten Free is a huge plus!
All of your favorite functions and then some are there.
Norton Security has been working fine for the last 6 years.
I have always loved Microsoft Office.
There are still some annoying "error checks" that shouldn't be needed, but the product is basically OK.
You'll love how it can help you not only keep your site compliant with the latest standards, but also how it helps with promoting your site from "dev" to "prod" with just a few clicks.
Quick question:  How would you like your word processor putting "Microsoft Office 2010 (c) Microsoft" on the bottom of every page on your resume, or company brochure?  
Panda Free Antivirus 2015 was just rated the BEST free antivirus by PC Magazine, and several impartial Information Technology testers on YouTube!  
I was happy to get this software today.  
Like Alexa it seems that Amazon Music has improved over time.
Installation is easy; and updating via Internet is straightforward.
The program is very slow to load.2.)
Pro: Does everything an amature like me requires of video editing software.
After a week of playing around with the features our artists sent in his first samples and the results are nice.  
I looked at purchasing this Router.  
So, with a familiar interface, a problem-free install and apparent improvements in navigation and responsiveness...why 2 stars?
I am going to use this product along with a mini-notebook for an upcoming bicycle tour.  
antivirus - both work great.
It work great with all your computer and mobile you may own.
Anyone who has worked with Ancestry knows that it's great but also expensive...
Professional (paid) reviewers totally loose their credibility when they give a P.O.S. like this a 10/10 review.
It works very easily.
I will keep it short and sweet and help you decide it.  
My complaints are probably just a sign of the times for internet security, but it really feels like the software is a bit bloated.
This is my favorite painting program.
Installation was quick and easy.
After Word Perfect fell off the road from Take-Overitis, I made the leap to Office and never looked back.
All the other years, it has been the best.
I bought this software with two goals:1.
Not a full feature by feature review, as the test subject (aka my 4 year old laptop) died in service to my reviewing this product.
ON TIME AND PROGRAM WORKS GREAT.
I ordered this about two weeks before my Norton 360 expired.
Enjoy movies and all your media on your PC, notebook, smartphone, tablet and TV.
I used the software to make YouTube video and home videos.
This feature creates an easy to use multi-media interface for playing back voice-mail messages.
Always like to know what to expect and this is a good check on the tax service's work.
First, in some situations Intuit won't let you retrieve and print prior years returns unless youve paid for the current years product.
it has been a mess for years.  
It's been working beautifully.  
Pleased overall.-
Avg has always done good for me.  
It's a great package if you do a few cards here and there.  
SETTING - 5/5: The setting was excellent.
The features are  still great, we are both pleased.
Plus the help system is excellent for those hard to find features.
It's slow and keeps freezing up on me.
The pencil is definitely my favorite feature.
Google Earth!!!This application is slow as hell and it's not pretty.
I have used TTax for so long I cannot remember when I started (I know it was well back in the 90's) and have always found it to be a superior product.  
It ain't easy using WXP after 20 years on a Mac!  
AutoCAD is the industry standard in drafting programs and the "LT 2011" version is a good choice for those who will not need to work in 3D. While my background is a little weak in this area, my Engineering Major nephew was kind enough to give me some help coming up to speed with this excellent program since he used it both in school and at his intern position, which greatly reduced the learning curve!
Some say that this is the best anti virus.
and I'm still working with it, but it looks like this program will help me get there.  
LOADS of fun.  
I'm a data junky and I love all the reports QuickBooks can produce.
PDF output is excellent, and fast.
At half the current price, the product would be expensive.
It's easy to use.
The 2015 software isn't a great leap forward from 2014.
This software has premium version previously called Norton 360 premier and worked the best prior to 2015.
This has been a really nice piece of editing software.  
I gave Word a quick test drive and it seems fine.
This app is terrific.
I guess the problem is that I like to have more freedom to create exactly what I want, and so far, this software seems very limiting.
Only it does ALOT more -- besides its "usual" compess-decompessing abilities, I especially like the security features.
I hope newer versions are better, but I would pass on this one.
The system is thankfully very light on system resources, much better than the bloated "big 2" of antivirus software.
But the price is right and the features really do make the most pleasant to use OS out there even better.
My editing needs are light, and for me VideoStudio is easy to learn, easy to use, and works well.
I like the backup feature but it does need a way to exclude files on a per-user level.
Want to make sure you have a DNR and your worldly possessions go to your favorite barber?
You simply must know what style of language learning you prefer before purchasing this very expensive piece of software.  
Filing is easy, free, and straightforward.
I LOVE the clean up of junk on my computers function that this has.  
This is an improvement over the earlier Equation editor.  
I like it.  
I love MS Money, but they stopped supporting it several years ago, so I had to go to Quicken.  
Microsoft Security Essentials is one of the best as well as AVG.
This is an excellent alternative for those people out there that do not know how to use FTP commands.  
But all in all, this is an absolutely wonderful product.
good thing i got it for free.
Solved my problem with filing a "trust return", and was less expensive than Turbo Tax for the same specs.
This product is quite easy to install and simple to use, but doesn't have much explanation about the laws of particular states and the different options available.  
Great for the you boys for their computer center in our home school.
Always some bugs in Quicken but it's the best that I've found.
I have used T. Tax for years.  
This software is great for many different things.
Also, some spam got by this program.
You get a good, solid image handling program, a vector-based drawing program and a screen cap one.  
This installed easily with absolutely no issues on my Windows 7 laptop.  
This is the worst product EVER.
Otherwise, I will stick to using Roxio or iMovie in my iPhone for editing over PowerDirector.
This software is so damn junky!
This software is not a right fit for me but that does not mean that it is not a high quality product offered literally at a fraction of the price of AutoCAD.Since this is a high quality product at a great price I rate it 5 stars out of 5 = I Love It.
No one should be afraid to do their own taxes.
I am giving it 4 stars mainly because I like their anti-virus program so much.
not intuitive but works.  
The telephone support is great to have though have not needed to use it as yet.
One feature that she particularly likes is the automatic virus screening of e-mails.
It is better than Windows "crash" Millenium, doesn't hold a candle to XP thus far.  
It was simple and quick to install, taking less than fifteen minutes.
It was great, set it and forget it for a long while.  
yet so I'll differ to the Tech Support people for that) and you're off to the guided races.
I don't have a super complicated tax situation this year: it just requires some things that a good tax program should handle easily.
Sound easy?
Buy Wordperfect Office because it is a good program and not because it is approved by Microsoft.
We use Turbo Tax every year for our taxes, but were disappointed to have to buy the Premier edition because the Deluxe edition did not have the federal forms that we needed to file our taxes.
There is also no easy way to uninstall it!  
Blur Gallery Motion Effects adds a lot of depth.
Simple review:  if you like Quicken, you'll be satisfied with this update.  
Alfred D. Smith in Lakeland Florida
Maybe it's me, maybe it's the software.  
I think this is great all-around software, for the price.  
Having to wipe and rebuild your computer's hard drive and operating system is not fun, especially for those of us that are a little technically impaired.
These are great little switches I use them in the school district where I work and love them.  
Intuit is a despicable company now.
Great OS.
Norton was easy to install and is intuitive to use.
I love the fact that it now has many more video tracks and audio tracks.
So far, I like Windows 8 quite a bit.  
For beginners like me, this is a valuable part of the package.  
Goodie.
I hate the program, but!  
That can be expensive since the software is a single machine license.  
There is honestly so much that can be said about what makes a great antivirus program.
I hope to upgrade my computer and get a better video card and maybe this will help the problem.  
But so far it has been fine.
this personal license is good for one computer and two devices.
After I finished installing the software I was given the option to "learn more" or something, I don't remember exactly what it said.  
Stay away and choose the several worthy alternatives like H & R Block!
You can also produce other vital documents like health care power of attorney, financial power of attorney, and so on.
Truth is, this product is a key card, only.  
Interview approach is relatively easy to follow and complete return.  
I myself feel that this is the best version of Windows for the home.
Many of my clients also still use this system because of its speed and stability.
I tend to find myself working much faster in FTM than I do online.
Bought this because Windows 8.1 won't run Word 2003.
This will not install on a 32bit operating system.
Well phooey.
Buyer beware.  
It's not hard to learn, it's ANNOYING to learn and even MORE ANNOYING to use.  
I have a 1.8GHz Pentium processor with 512MB of RAM, a 200GB hard drive with 100GB available.
then this is a very easy-to-use tool.
Add a simple dock program to the mix like RocketDock (google it) and this OS is hands down better than even Snow Leopard--which is pretty awesome.
"Oh, wow!
There is little to like and a lot to dislike about this program.  
Dragon Dictate for Mac transcribes audio files of a speaker's voice from podcasts or recorded audio files.  
Quicken Loans, Quicken Credit Cards, etc.
Norton has some good products, but they are writing themselves out of the picture and it is a marketing problem when they are destroying what I think is a good product.
Like the previous one, the software firewall and NAV do a good job most of the time.  
File transfers are faster and so far everything works fine with it.
It is annoying but not enough to prevent me from using the 2015 version.
What can you say great product.
McAfee has all these sorts of fixes and the like, but none of them work.  
While using Kaspersky PURE, I have encountered a few attacks try to invade my machine but Kaspersky stopped them cold!
Tech support is provided by Indians in India with a thick accent.
Prior to this I was using Quicken 2009 Home and Business.  
Let some stuff in including a Trojan, will change this year
An update - 12/6/2014I bought H&R Block Deluxe Mac disc version for $40 at Amazon and love it.
My bet it'll be easy.
Download sns U CAN MAID SERVICED BY THE po ' OK Download '
Turbo Tax worked fine for me this year.  
The Amazon price was the best I could find and I received before it was avaible in the stores
Thank god I did not install the program they sent me in the mail.  
This program is a great way to learn a language.
Outlook 2007 is a nice package and with the integrated BCM it is a good tool for people who need to keep close track of their contacts.
The only other thing I got to say is that I'm glad that I didn't put it in my new laptop.
I really like using this program.
So it's more like rent, not a purchase.
It's like a totally new experience.
Poser 9 very happy and do business again  with them I'm happy experience and the Prudence is what decried very happy
Good thing I got it free.
I'm sure there is better software out there, but for me, this worked fine.
In my humble opinion this is probably the best Nancy Drew game of the series.  
Microsoft Office "upgrades" also are like throwing money down a sewer.
I was happy to find that this application has most of the commonly used editing tools: crop, resize, fill, layering, layer masks, adjustment layers, etc..  
I use these even though I have Microsoft Office 2008.
I found this software to be easy to use and not crash-prone.  
The Norton Tech people removed it!  
Second its very hard to import your own designs.  
Transfers are easy too.  
TS does respond quickly
It's a great deal if you have a lot of devices to protect--
XP compatibility is pretty much useless with products like Illustrator.
Customer services are so weird.
The product would not install.  
The package includes Vegas Pro 8 and DVD Architect Pro 4.5.
This software ROCKS!!!  
This product may be OK for virus and spyware prevention.
Overall, you will not be disappointed in purchasing this product.
Poorest operating system Microsoft ever made.
Seamlessly runs Windows programs.  
But so far they all seem to work fine under windows 7.  
Filed without issue.
This year I had a 1099 and a W2 and needed to find a "tax person" to help with it.
However, why not invest just a little more and purchase a better program?
The "Who is Oscar Lake" CD game is really lame.  
Past experience with TurboTax was wonderful,this time, not so.  
overkill....
No disc to load.  
Like the guy before me said: Avoid like the plague!
Personally, I like it.
Words cannot express how much I hate Paint Shop Pro X4.
All the videos are available in a browser at learn.
Their free antivirus has pretty good reviews, though I'd not tried it myself.
It's a great product, but I'm finding that activation isn't so great for us.  
The IRS found my books clear and well-supported, but the time spent was considerable, and the tummy acid on my side even more so.
That is not the biggest issue that I have with Windows 8 though.
It is fast, easy and very complete and it seems that they almost guarantee a refund every year.
(This gets rid of Drivers...
I really like it that documents can be turned into pdf files.  
You get what you pay for and this one does not scan email and other attachments.
That's the one I'll buy for my other Macs.
Mcafee is like having a pitbull chained to your computer it guarantees you to feel safe when its onboard and working.
I will probably uninstall this since the slowness is really annoying.
This is a fairly efficient and secure method of sending large documents but, unless you are going to use it profusely, it is way overpriced.
Don't buy "Ultimate".  
files that throws off formatting and charts and graphs.  
this is great for my Win7 tablet...why?  
Luckily now it is sometimes black!!!Windows Update is now more of a virus than a tools.  
This is easy to plug into your car.
Great price.
Changing over to H&R Block requires climbing a learning curve, but anger is a great motivator.  
At first I thought that this product would be great for my teenagers' computers.  
It is good for sending zip files and is easy to use.
Autodesk Sketchbook Pro 2011 wasn't compatible with my version of MAC.  
I give it two stars because of the high pricing and that the "All Access" is basically an empty phrase.
The Word 2007 has a completely different interface than Word 2002 and requires new orientation.
Font Book - to load and keep track of font families.
Let me start off by saying this is a wonderful software package.
The result was a great RESTORE, all files are good with this relatively new system.
Plus,  It is cheaper than Turbo Tax.
Norton and Vista aren't my idea of better off.
I recommend it for all techs, homeusers alike.
I mainly use it to write journal entries, reviews like this one, and other pieces of writing in which I'm not doing research while also trying to type.6.
Get this and use it - you will be glad you did,.
No changes in my hardware.
The applications look beautiful.
I like that
Live and learn.
The only thing that runs slow on this computer is Quicken.
I really love the gorgeous graphs that you can create from reports.  
The Norton Antivirus 2009 has been pretty good.  
I love the look of Sage's Business Status overview.
All you really need are your passwords to sites like Facebook, Youtube, ect.
High end professionals will most likely be looking for a more advanced system, so I'd say it's a good middle of the road option.  
Kaspersky make it impossible to stop renew... took 3 calls and 45 minutes.  
All in all a very cool little program.  
And our end-product is much more watchable.
Despite the above items, it's a great concept and it is a product that I really like because the parts that are there work very well.  
Windows 7 hits the mark as the best operating system on the market today.  
These days one expects Internet Security software to run fairly seamlessly in the background.  
GUEST REVIEWER - !
Overall, I recommend you do go to a brand like Vipre or Bitdefender instead.
I have been a huge fan of Pinnacle Studio products for years.
The comfortable old interface is still here and it still works great.
My hardware and my software are all fairly current, so I had no trouble.
Great, been using for years, this was just an update.
This is a good, no nonsense way to learn.
Nothing fixes poor capture, but it softens the impact.
It's simply "cost versus benefit", like antivirus software.  
That's pretty cool actually.
I use it every year, and will continue to do so.  
For now, it seems to work fine.
The 2nd time I went to a restore point earilier and there were still corrupted registry entries, but it worked better.  
I used this item in an older laptop that had only wireless G.  
Not an upgrade at all.
It also offers the ability to watch videos directly from You Tube or Facebook and they also look really good!
It looks like a decent accounting package, and I had no trouble using it.
Just be prepared.
Who's is better?  
But then you wouldn't need it because you could write your own thats even better.  
I then loaded 8.1 Pro over the 8.1
I'd feel comfortable knowing that I had a high quality anti-malware program (PC Tools antivirus premium) watching out for me.
Don't buy this.
I have used Kaspersky Internet Security for several years and it has not let me down yet.
I love Trend Micro, and I love this new Titanium Maximum Security.
Annoyances aside, it makes things easier to keep up with, does a good job at importing transactions, and works with all my accounts.
Amazon Music play my Prime music just fine.
It was about the best price I could find.
Since I don't speak Spanish, I think I'm a good test subject.
Even less now, since the price has been pretty heavily discounted by Amazon.  
Check my review history because with prior versions I was no fan.  
I bought Photoshop CS5.
The plastic packaging is like a firewall, resisting entry by intruders like yourself.
The Rosetta Stone program is one of the best ways I have found to learn a new language.
So far, I'm really liking Norton's newest product, Norton Security with Backup.
This software is great at what it does.  
Didn't want to spend the money for the managed switch as I don't need it yet so for the price it works great.
this software does the trick!
Neither is substantially better than the other because ultimately they get you to the same place.  
We have used TurboTax for years and found it's accurate and so much cheaper than an accountant.
To use them for real time navigation will be quite awkward without looking like you're driving a police cruiser with the lap top.
Office 365 is what I've been using for my email and documents for over a year now.  
Happier with 2013 version.
I have hadgood luck with Norton in the past but certainly won't ever buy it again.
It did a good job until it ported stock information from Quicken.
Beware the Provo bandits!
Office has, by and large, been pretty good.
Someday soon, a lot more software will be delivered like this -- a really great idea!
Would NOT recommend.
Much nicer that Quicken.
This virtual machine is incredibly easy to install and use.  
Highly recommended.
I've always enjoyed using Outlook and the few times that I've had to work without it I've been lost.  
I may uninstall it from my PC and just stream from the Amazon website until a better version of the software is made available.  
It doesn't slow down the computer.
A worthy program worth the price and plays nice with Vista sp1.
Some of it you may find counter-intuitive and not very helpful.
This program is totally useless.
autocad LT 2010 is a good substitute for professionals who need 2D drafting tools, but who don't want to pay for the full version of Autocad.
The program was easy to install and I encountered no errors.  
With Google Images nowadays, it's pretty easy to find the art you need and you don't need to take up 20+GB of hard drive space storing clip art.  
They apparently have a sale on the 10 GB right now, not that it is a very good deal.  
Works fine.  
Not one of the easiest to use.  
shipment was ealry as usual.
The service pack updates to Vista make a world of difference, finally letting this OS shine.
No problems installing or using this year's version on my windows 10 PC.  
The process of installing VMware and Vista was super easy.
easy to install, for once
The firewall works like most others on the market.
Some dont.
I comes with an easy to use conversion utility allowing one to make PDF files (super awesome).I'm using this X6 WP on two Windows 7 Professional 64 bit computers and I like it very much.
Gets Embedded & won't remove from hard-rive even though you try to delete it : nothing else to add / right On :
It was easy to install and easy to use to build my family tree.
I like the multiple floating palettes.  
Everything else still works fine, but there seems to be an impasse between the Quicken and Bank of America technicians and I suspect it's the security folks on both sides.
Reliable software I continue to buy
So far it is doing a great job blocking spam from my mailboxes.
Corels customer support absolutely blows.
I have been using Toast for years because it is makes the process of creating a disc much easier than the built-in features of OS X. I would strongly recommend Toast to even the most casual user.
Easy CD Creator 5 will do that and much more.
National geographic rocks and is faster than the new version since I have older hardware.
Time will tell and I have not had enough indication to determine whether it has made a great improvement.  
You have to buy the premier version to get that schedule, if you need it.
This year's program seemed to be a lot "worse" than previous years.  
With Fusion 5, you get the best of both Mac and Windows applications - wonderful product.
As for X4, I give it an easy 5-stars.
Because of issues like step-kids, which weren't really explained very well, I can't say this is perfect, but it does help do simple things like living wills, etc.
No problems!
Sometimes the toy in the cereal box is the best thing.
Seriously,  this is a must buy!
TurboTax does the thinking for you.  
I'm like, seriously?  
good deal.
This XP Pro upgrade is for people who have XP Home installed.  
The Painter's tools allow image editing operations such as cropping and cloning, as well as adding touches like smearing brush strokes and bringing some photographic detail back into a painting.  
This product is simply amazing, and, as far as I know, there is not anything else like it on the market.
Worst of all, it is impossible to disable Bitdefender from running.  
Streets & Trips is a huge step up from your map and almost as good as a GPS without the hefty price tag.
Easy Media Creator is a superior product for editing video and burning DVDs.  
As I stated in my other review of Win 7 Home (installed on other computers at home), Win 7 has the good looks of Vista and the stability of XP.  
Quickbooks is by far the best accounting software that I've tried so far.  
H&R Block Tax Software is simply the best.
Steve Ramm
AAA Map and Go does not work at all.
I've been using Norton for many years and find it to be a great product at a great value, especially the 10 device Premium product.
It works fine.
Thus, I uninstalled it.
As a beta tester for this version I have been using it since early summer.
I'm not a big fan of Windows 8
"Paint".  
A bad mistake.
In any case I like Creator and recommend it.
Unlike many other reviewers I have not used any previous editions of this software, but I must say that as a first time user to this software, I highly recommend it.  
Tech support is terrible!!!And now get ready for 2008...
It also seems to slow down your computer until it is like swimming through molasses.  
Norton's website is an awful mess, apparently designed by high school students, so no help there.  
I like it.
However most people do not have a Mac Pro, so again, I would say "don't WASTE your money".
A good game that has boring puzzles.  
Better than nothing, but still not great for standard American accents.
No audit yet...
It seems to be doing its job nicely in the background, like a waiter that just keeps quiet.
The one major thing I liked was that when it was scanning, it didn't affect the other processes in the same way that macafee causes a slow down or momentary freezing of what you're working on otherwise.
But this was a lot more fun than I thought it would be.
Norton 360 and Norton 360 v2 were horrible buying mistakes.  
This comment is based on extensive (negative) experience with Norton Internet Security 2002.
But you have to live with it, and I think that this one is better than 2007, if not as good as 2003.Harkius
We tried switching to the app for Ipad, which she is more comfortable with, but it is not linking up with the software profile we created...it seems more like an add on than a supplement to the reading program on the computer based tool.  
Aside from the technical issues and initial burn-in time to get accustomed to the software you can create some pretty good videos with Studio 20.
If you just want a simple word processing program, the rest of Word's shiny goo-gaws can be really irritating.
However, Quicken 2014 is a disappointment.
Over the years I have found that the pure version takes a little more computer resources but doesn't slow the computer down.
Stinks!  
Good enough seems to do what you paid for.
Great product that's reliable and easy to install.  
The protection is fine but it does slow down my machine.
Does my taxes really quick, however, you have to purchase a new one every year...
You'll find that this program works like a charm and is a great addition to your security arsenal.
There's also no firewall, but the Windows 10 firewall is fine with me.  
Horrible, absolutely horrible.  
Microsoft made some much needed changes to the desktop experience after the Windows 8 disaster, however they did this at some expense to the touch experience.
The interfaces are very slick compared with CS4 and the software was extremely fast on a quad-core machine with two hard disks.
I have been a quicken user for many years and the package is great and easy to use.
Full ALL CAPS menu tabs; don't like having the Metro-style jammed down my throat Installation:The setup is simple and easy to follow.
long!The best protection is a smart user but when you are tempted to try to click on those links or emails you shouldn't its nice to have something that protects you :).
The nice part is that you CAN decide.
Highly recommended!
The only thing this is good for is unlocking the Microsoft Office product provided with a new computer purchase.  
Well worth the price!
It's little tight on a big nose but does it's job.
GET THESE NOW!!- warm- wicks sweat- dries fast- even on warm days doesn't overheatHIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE!!
Fit in the toaster oven very well and appear to be of good quality.
Pros: sturdy, professional quality, good for core and lower body PT, inflated reasonably quickly with pump (which was included)Cons: the red (55 cm) ball is too small for me; I prefer the green (65 cm) ball, which allows me to sit atop it with my hips and knees as ~90 degrees.
I've got two bad shoulders and have been trying to avoid surgery.  
I have not had to use this in an emergancy but it worked great for towing a capsized kayak to shore.
This fit my daughters scooters, were easy to install, and give a smooth ride.  
light weight, fits good, does not slip down,  I like them
Not much to say other than it works as described.
This was a pretty easy install on my daughter's bike taking the place of some training wheels.  
Great pants... but sizing is crazy!
wife loves with all her chief gear
But I know these work- and they're great.
Nice tight fit.
Id definitely get another one just like it!
MY HUSBAND LOVES THESE SHIRTS UNDER HIS DRESS SHIRTS AND ON WEEKENDS ALONE.  
Great for adults, would have to cut the velcro straps for kids.
Looks great and it is not one of those super smooth chalk boards that make it hard to write on and erase, this is like your old classroom.
This is actually really pretty good!  
It has saved me from climbing back down a ladder to get a tool numerous times.
Its a great value and will save a lot of effort and strain.
Smells pretty bad.  
I like the grip feel and stickiness.  
I just want to have a nice day catching 8" Bluegill.
The quality was much better than I had anticipated.
Lightweight and breathable.
Best light up frisbee out there.
Yes, it does mention this in the description, so overall it's my fault for buying these.
Fits my 10 year old's knees perfectly.  Doesn't slide down her leg.
I still recommend it despite the horrible smell.
fits well, made well, repels light rain.
This was by far the favorite among all the six dinner/lunch meals we tried.
It fits perfectly and is clearly a GREAT shoe for martial arts training needs.
These grippers are NOT EASY!
Still a good rebounder.  
I like these for distance beyond my ability to see the bullet with my scope (100 yds in my case)
Definitely recommend.
And my grandson certainly can't do it on his own.
Have enjoyed these resistance bands but after ~<1yr of use both the orange and purple have broken.
Highly recommend.
The overall quality is good but I am disappointed that the "mirror" is far less reflective than needed.  
used to come with pump and instructions and poster, you don't get anything except the ball anymore.
Surprisingly effective; great instruction pamphlet.
I do not recommend these goggles.  
3lbs is NOT ULTRALIGHT weight.
It wasn't worth sending back for a replacement, but it just wasn't as good of quality as expected.
Great quality chalk as well!
These were gifts for some male family members, just a your standard stock shirts for around the house.
This is perfect.  
Works great and has plenty of weight for a hasty work out.
I can still see in the water ,but I'm not happy about the scratches.
Thanks to these gloves I don't have calysis on my hands no more
This was probably my favorite of the 4 or 5 that I ate on a recent trip.
The shirts I've ordered from Amazon are durable, washable and true to size.
I bought these for my granddaughter to learn on.  
The difference is remarkable.
COULDN'T HAVE ASKED NOR FOUND A BETTER GRIPPER.
Gets strikes when other baits do not.
Power systems pulley bar accessories are by far the best for the money.  
Better than any other muffs I've tried, and certainly better than any plugs.
These are heavy, easy to grip and well made, I think though that the spring will eventually get metal fatigue and snap just like the cheap ones.
a classic and fun game the grand kids love it ..
The knife is very light and I don't feel it at all ,for the money I really can't find a better deal..
IMO, they are perfect matches for my Marlin 336 and 444P and recently,  my M&P 15 and Ruger 10/22.  
Great shape(never issued?)Will be great for emergency bug outs or a fish fry at the lake.
If you are like me who works in NYC and employed in a high pace high stress job, this is a great product to have.
Sturdy enough.
Great rod holder.  
Hunted with this many many times, have never called in a squirrel with it.
I love them while they're working, which is usually 1-2 years.
These targets work great for pistol shooting.  
I have been thru quite a few of these goals chains and this is by far the best yet and the cheapest!  
It is super heavy and annoying to lug around.
Great job!
I think I paid like 15 cents per target for these.  
The pick and pull foam is very durable and as long as you take your time with your placement of your equipment and using a sharp thin knife to separate the foam you should have great results.
This is so good!!!
They are super cute.
This ball has not held up under playground play.  
But the quality appears to be good.
Pick up a 3/8 locking nut and/or some loctite (and some longer lag bolts if you are going through drywall into the stud) and then you have a finished product.
I've always trusted Coleman for quality.
I've had relatively good luck with Mountain House.
Love these for camping.
Well... it's a very nice quality runner.  
Good strong product and the book is a nice bonus.
Definitely not flattering... but well priced and shipping was super fast.
I have not used any other machine like this, but have to say that it's working as long as you can tolerate it.
Great little hammer
I used it on my recent trip and worked out pretty well.
I decided to buy these ankle water weights based on the other good reviews.
I bought these for my kids and they work as intended.
I've been carrying Swiss Army Knives every single day for 46 years, and I feel naked leaving the house without mine.
They work great for our bikes that came with training wheels and are now removed.  
This hat is the exact size as the Tru-Spec (7 1/4) but this hat is noticeably smaller and thus, less comfortable.
Many trips to the range.
Installed - lifts our 16' Native Watercraft Kayak perfectly to the ceiling of our garage.  
But will require drilling of the rain rails to access the mounting point.
My favorite dinner flavor, very good and although a bit expensive it is preferable to a lot of light weight foods.  
These replaced my "Q Towers" when I bought a new vehicle.
When together only 2 of the 6 feet hit the floor at any given moment.  
This was a big hit.
Excellent work out gloves for the price
I have a re-fillable chalk ball so I opened that up, filled it, and closed off the bag to save for the next fill-up.
The best trainer for the knees especially for seniors.
I bought this for my tennis elbow and it works very well.
Very nice, wore them hiking in Zion, never got a blister!
Great waterproof case!1.
Great ball.
flex arm too loose.
That said, this part works as intended and makes me feel better about leaving an even more expensive bike rack mounted on the vehicle.
This hat is awesome and just as described.
Love this thing for working outside.
Great lure for Striper Bass.  
Next time i hope this package come with gloves as well !!
Other than that, it is a good value for the price.
Not all the time but when we do take cigars on the course there is never a good place to keep the thing between shots of just walking.
Super cool, good quality, did not have a strong odor out of the box like some leather products do.
I could still get a strong paint smell while wearing these.
Fun, and cheaper than a pool table and takes up less space!
Love it and highly recommend!
For my uses, this bottle will last a long time.
Excellent quality well made seat post, recommended.
Nice and sturdy.  
This strap does wonders..
Easy to use and ride.
Ok at first thought it wasn't working.....took about 3-4 weeks to feel only a little better.
I love that it doesn't taste like plastic and it is not made in China (no offense, China
It's a cooler.
Excellent meal.
The fabric is the same as a new set of utilities and will soften with time and washes.
Husband uses these every winter for work and hunting...we stay stocked up on them!
The Scouts like it too.
I've bought two sets over the years.
Does not fit a wide range of bikes.
The shorts are standard Soffe shorts great for cheer practice.
I do like it a lot, although it's far from perfect.
Solid mount.
Good for working those muscles when you can't get out to the gym.
smooth, easy to operate.
Best EDC knife I ever had.
I haven't had a reason as of yet to use the easy repair feature of the brail lines via the dragon head but have inspected the procedure and it looks simple and quick.
Great tees!
This is a very handsome knife.  
I like this knife as one of my favorites, It is lawfully legal in length, only one sharp surface and a great rubber handle.  
These are the first "thermals" I have ever bought that didn't fit low on my back and eventually slide down my bu/t. Standing in one spot outside, these plus 2 layers of bike pants kept me comfortable at around 35 degrees.
I suffer from Arthritis in my hands and fingers and rather than stop playing with friends I purchased this and it has saved me from really painful shuffling.
The bright florescent green is easy to see through your scope even at 700 yards.
Great for improving everything from trigger pulls to guitar playing to handshakes.
As prior reviews have noted, if you try to put two large cart bags on this rack, it might be tight, but I have one large cart bag and a stand bag and they fit nicely along with all of my golf accessories in the four shelves.
True workhorse.
Tasted OK but felt a little funny.
The tape along with clamp will hold better.
But they are fine
Manduka mats are the best - keep shape - comfortable - do not come apart - lay flat and stay in place - the perfect mat.
For my medium nose, these are, so far, the best.  
The weight was slighly less than the one I had but it looks better and it rides like a dream.
Decent for the price and the purpose.
I love having this with me when I am up in my homemade tree stand, keeps my rear end comfy and warm
Powdered eggs can't even compare, these are so much better.  
Comfortable and they do the job.
This is the first bad review I've ever written.
In my opinion, these are the best lightweight containers on the market.  
It was nice and loud but didn't like the feeling on my finger.
I wasn't looking for a muscle building as much as a muscle defining device and this is the best on a budget with not much room to put much else.
Best bang for buck as far as a sleeveless shirt.
These are the real deal.
I may buy more as gifts around the holiday season.
Reliable CoC
These plus my padded seat = no pain after 32 miles.
Should have read the reviews.
It has plenty of room.
I really wanted to like this scope.  
Fish(trout) were biting as soon as it hit the water-no complaints with this product.
Perhaps my fingers are a little stronger than I thought, as the Medium tension is pretty easy.it's a good product, well constructed and got here quick.  
But my daughter is 4 and she enjoys this skateboard since quality isn't really a big deal to her.
Works great for my use since it is easy to get on and off although it does get kind of tangled.  
The younger ones found it easy to throw.  
If you are looking to add variation, or, find other lat bars too wide, you will love this lat bar.
Haven't crashed, but it seems to be working fine ;)
These are nice pants but they are WAY bigger then the size range.
The exercises that come with the bar are easy to do and really seem to help!  
Would be 5 star if they had any grip at all , very hard to hold a mechanical release back for any amount of time,  with grip it would work amazing
Installed fairly easily.
I used the white version of these 20 years ago and they were perfect for the streets and tennis courts that we played on back then.
Best bike gloves I have ever owned.
Great short rope for quick dock tie off's.
love it works awesome for me, I just need to get something to keep it quiet in my pocket, for now a rubber band works good.
The taste was very good and the package had plenty of meat in it.
Thanks.
It was a total blast the five min. before I got it stuck in  a tree at the park and couldn't get it down.
Good price.  
The reviews on these plugs were good so we got them.
We were replacing our 5 year old emergency food (the new packages now say they are good for 12 years!) and decided to play "emergency" and eat a package of the Beef Stroganoff as a fun game.
DELICIOUS!
Great fun.
This is a great kit for the price and the case helps keep the supplies organized.
Works great for storing anything that could be affected by rusting and/or humid environments.
These camping mats are a great deal for the price.
All I can say about this box cutter is sweet.
Super cheapo construction.  
If I known it was the old indi Solitaire I would have passed.
Good luck and good fishing...
I do better buying men's shorts like this that have a short inseam, and a bit of stretch and no hips.  
Was used snagging catfish in the river and held up as expected.
I read about the studies that demonstrated how much faster people get better with this bar and a simple exercise.
Bought this for son and it seems to holding up against anything an 8 y/o could throw at it!
Just got them in cant wait to use them  in gulf
They leave pretty deep rings around my eyes, but other than that they are good.  
It was okay, did fill me up at -5 in the DAKS recently but the beans were not my favorite.
Just like a real box.  
Easy 2 use
But overall the quality of the gloves are good.
This respirator works great for what it is designed to do.
I use these slings exclusively for my PAS and have not been disappointed.
Quality built.  
He also gets the feet warmers and says they work great too!
Love the aggressive knurling, even if it is almost too aggressive to my hands.
i bought these not expecting much, but these things are solid!
Awesome quality bands.
The setup was pretty easy.
but other than that it's perfectly fine.
These have been around for years and are still great baits.  
Great height for sitting at my computer as well.
This affordable rack was perfect!
Been using these bands from time to time and so far so good.
Got a set for my college -aged -kids and everyone in the dorm had fun with them!  
These are just what we were looking for, as working in cold, wet working conditions, no matter the rain gear , can be miserable.  
The dart board is great!
Great protection Great Price.
I bought one of these after reading the good reviews.
The dartboard works great.  
Perfect blade fit for a 1970's auger.
The set up seems pretty simple: (1)  metric or imperial measurements and (2) stride or height.  
These are a good buy for fully coated optics, under 2 pounds and 10 x 50 magnification.
Disappointing clarity...and I was really hoping that it would be sharp and clear as I liked the look at my Marlin 1895.
Love the grip Shipped fast.
A great little kit for for all of your needs away from your main cleaning supplies.
When your fishing tournaments and in the sun for 8 hours these are a must.
It is well-made and of good quality.  
Be aware of the calorie count, three healthy servings are necessary for full daily need.
Adds a lot of support when lifting at the gym, but these gloves are not made of the softest materials inside.
These are inexpensive and a good value for someone looking around an average .5 to 1 acre backyard like mine.
Makes for a good back up now even though it doesn't feel as comfortable as my current helmet.
Not much regulation in regards to temperature --- hot or hotter.
The glass is good, very good, and if you can use a little Kentucky windage, this could be the scope for you.
Bought these rings to mount a scope, & having 4 straps holding the scope ,rather than the usual 2, seemed likea good idea.
Bought this for my first overnight backpacking trip.  
I bought this for my scuba o-rings and for my pool pump.  
truly pleased with the performance and quality.
My son I just starting yo lift weights, these are good!
It is much easier for children to use than regular plastic solid frisbees
If you are looking for a great pair of binoculars at a GREAT price these are for you.
I bought these for a lightweight backpacking snack.
Don't know if I really need this tool,  When the Wheel is true in the stand every thing is good.  
Does a great job of holding things together with a waterproof seal but still has a bit of stretch to it.
Great cooler for $20.
Disappointed in quality, seems more like a lightweight layer and already has holes after one season of light use.
As a budget-minded hobbyist maple syrup maker, I really appreciate the ability of this stove to keep 2 5-gallon canning pots boiling for hours on end with lots of power to spare.  
It definitely makes killing flies an exciting challenge.
Perfect little air mattress.
I went down as deep as 115' with no issues.
Exact fit for the application!!!
Awesome chair and love the colors.  
this is a good little unit.  
These were a little bigger than I expected, which is great.  
My son uses these when he is biking - they work well, just a tad bulky for his small frame.
i love these boxing gloves.
I'd recommend it.
so I got no use from this wasted 20 bucks for a peice of junk
These are great chairs - we bought them to take to swim meets where there is bleacher seating.  
Best lock ever, hands down.  
I prefer it to Icebreaker's and I love the turtlenecks and cap too.
We were going on a weekend retreat and suspected ice would not be easy to get at the retreat center, so a standard ice cooler would not work.
Although I haven't had need to shoot at night, these are very visible in the dark and make it very easy to acquire a target.
If you like developing calluses (as I do) you won't mind this at all.
Rcbs makes quality stuff, and has the best customer service
Love the styling and the quality.  
they are exactly what they advertise
I only needed a weekend
The food is kind of a gelatinous, gray goop with noodles and old meat in it.
i bought this to try and get rid of smelly boot odor works good  my boots no longer have a stong odor to them
Great organizer fits two bags perfectly.
Fit well and easy to install.
Best resistance  bands on the market.
good paintballs to waste them...
my favorite practice targets.
The staple free bulls-eye is a nice feature.
Works great
Solid quality but non-stick functionality is not dishwasher safe.
This is the kind of high quality product you would expect from S & W.
See my review on the axe.
I don't like the hard darts.
My daughter loves it.
I love the gloves, they are great...
I enjoy the Valero type better, but these will do nicely.
they work great, quality materials....ridiculous number of uses before they start to stretch out so well worth the  $$
Pretty sure they will prevent scuffed knees and elbows, now if we can avoid broken bones!!!
Good for holding water for dishes and washing handles while camping.
That being said - I don't use the holster without it!
(very small), but it is good quality and made in the United States Of America which most of my best knives come from.
The zippered security pocket is the go to pocket for my cash and cards with no worry of loss or theft.
I really like these gun socks.  
It is very durable.  
Love my bases!
I like them better than my heavy duty Valdada rings
Overall, I love these goggles!
, I think you will not be disappointed with purchasing or using!If my review helps you in your purchase decision, please let me know by liking it.
Considering the expensive cheap knock off masks out their during this time year this a deal.
They are decent muck bags, but I'm disappointed that it was imported.  
slow burn, but if you want to cook with it you'll have to be in no wind at all.
It is made for a kids bike, yet is as kid friendly as a rattle snake.  
Very good!!  
These shorts are just fine.
They work great for competition shooting or self defense, if you own a 1911 buy these!!!!!
For little guys like mine, I suggest a helmet and knee pads at least.  
I'm sure they would be just  fine as a file holder that it is designed for.
Really Poor Eye Relief If You Have Glasses,  Well made but impossible to use with the short eye relief.  
These were very easy to install.
A well though-out and designed package.
Im sure ill be wearing it a lot this summer.
Other than that the build quality seems good.  
Most gloves leave a gap.
Strong and durable material.  
They are exactly what I was looking for at a very good price.
The hat is cool to wear and provides shade to my ears and receding hair line when outside doing yard work.
I needed a gallon of seam seal and this would have cost like 500$ for that much.
Expensive but great quality and the same model I used in physical therapy.  
Fun scooter for an adult too!
This tiny trike is small, but sturdy.  
I have a set of 3M ComTac III's and they're insanely good -- perhaps the best-ever --
I know 9 pounds of tension is presented as a lot but although I consider myself to have a greater grip strength than most this doesn't do it for me.
I was pretty skeptical about the quality of this items but the reviews were excellent so I took a chance.
I wear a size 9 glove which is small for a man.  
Handles are sturdy and drain works as it should, It's a simple cooler for single day uses like a picnic, tailgate, bringing frozen food home from the store, beach, etc.
They are really a nice beginner glove!  
Lots of sizes makes it a simple solution for upgrading an older bike.
The gloves are very strong and well made, but the zise is unspecified you have to be carefull in order to choose a the rigth zise.
I'll be the best MEMA in the world!!!
Good deal for keyed alike trigger locks.  
The green pipe is certainly easier to pick up in good light, but it would be better if its diameter was larger.  
Burris Signature rings are the easiest to install.
Easy to install.  
Nice pants.
Love TFO's, but not in the package, which is where they will sit until I find a buyer.
It has not disappointed me yet.  
Good flavors and very easy to make.
Comfortable and very durable.
Would have got 5 stars if it had a flat part on top of the helmet where I could mount my Gopro.
I don't have a pool, but I think they would be fabulous for doing pool aerobics!  
This is NOT your average pool mattress.
Thought I would let my grand kids experience the same hrs of fun we had with it growing up .
After washing it shrank some in the length and didn't look quite so perfect, but still very good.  
I'm glad I bought it.  
Wouldn't want to garden in a Wisconsin summer without them!!!
Surprisingly fit very good!
He loves looking at the compass.  
awesome fit and hold on my Sig c3
Difficult to control heat.
The mirror itself is fine.  
Awesome... love it.
Size is good for men's large.
My favorite shirts.
This is a great, small case knife.
Works great.  
They are light and easy to pack for backpacking trips, earthquake kits, BOBs, etc.
1 finger 2 finger 3 finger GO!u can change the combinations, and simply play with it a bit, so it doesn't become too boringvery good quallity
Nice big thick Matt works well for me.
These work best I still pad more though
Bought these as a replacement for my son's Razor scooter.  
Arrived ahead of schedule and in great condition.
These are very useful and are just as pictured in their add.
As silly as it sounds this is great stuff to have around the house.  
it works, but, it won't stay there, so you need to put it back after each shoot.
Comfortable.
I am using these for Aikido and they work great.
Gloves are sized very small.
Having used everything from Harbor Freight to Swarovski Optik spotting scopes, I found this to be a great value.  
If your using longer bars than recommended, go with the wider fairing.
Good quality and great addition to our set of all kinds of teams!
Wish it could have a little more resistance but for the most part works excellent.
So much fun to zip all over the neighborhood with.
This thing is pretty massive...
these are good cones for the price...nice they come with a basic carrier too (mine was plastic, not metal like the picture shows, but is ).
For now, it's a good value, and works well.
My tire on the back of my SUV was the max size that this product supposedly fits and it fit (snuggly) without a lot of tugging.  
perfect for behind seats in my Porsche 911.
Disappointed in width, but a sturdy air mattress.
When you can see the BB go flying out of the barrel and curve right then left, this is not a good BB gun.
these really worked great at had a lot of gloves but these are the best
I find I like all of the Mountainhouse foods but this one is by far my favorite breakfast
Miracle cure for elbow tendonitis
Each time I fire the sling the armrest pops out of place very annoying.
Serves a good purpose.
Very well manufactured, seems strong, I love the adjustable option, nice color and beautiful .
Though I'm sure this is a great recoil pad, it does NOT fit a savage 16 weather warrior.  
Not bad enough to return but otherwise do not recommend
and it's a quality reel like the Zebco Pro3.
It was a great tent for a ten year old's to set up and take down!
It fit a base of 24x42 on my sheet metal brake.  
I have an older house which has fewer outlets than I'd like.  
Easy to use.
,,`,, EXCELLENT SELLER A++++ ,,`,,
I still love all their other blades.
We actually ordered 3.  
Works great for the Christmas lights
Great replacement bulbs for our the Ikea under counter pod lights.
You should use a good ruler to set this up.  
I like this tool better than the bigger diameter tools u get at the supply house.
Good but falls off may be the rubber holding it
Quality component from Wilton.
Still working.
These bits were quick to burn and become dull.  
But was worth the price.
Recommended.
No story
Once you do it does a great job
Felt good installing them.
Old man loves it.
This just insures that little hands that drop things won't be too hard on it
This is a standard square and it is good to have bright markings.  
But the product itself works fine and had them installed by an electrician with no problems.
It's not a HIGH precision instrument, as in ultra fine super duper but it's more than enough for my purposes.
Cuts are almost polished.
The wide opening on this piece is not good floor finished and is prone to scratching floors
As expected, perfect solution
and I'm going to purchase one for one of my other saws.
Effective, well made.
Hard to find in this length and this one works well.
What can I say?
Anyway, very very good.
Looked sturdy but does NOT WORK WITH CORDLESS SAWS!
It's a great time saver.
Excellent cactus gloves.
But based on my experience with Freud bits, I'm sure I will enjoy it for many years.
Just make sure you order the right one for your panel and you will be fine.
Installation was fairly easy, and should be for you, as well, as long as you are doing a replacement and not a new install.
Great router bit, as you would expect from Freud.
Nice tool - gets the job done rite.
This tape measure appears to be accurate and durable.
I've used a couple other brands and this one has outperformed them all.
I think it's a must for any one who builds decks on a regular basis.
This is a welcome addition to my tool chest as it contains Phillips as well.
Well, maybe not never, but these seem to be all that the standard jaws were and more.
This case is just like the cases we used back then in the good old days.
Easy replacement of existing badger 5 that taught us what happens when nails go into the garbage disposal (hint: they poke through the plastic sides, requiring pliers to remove and sealant to plug the holes) and what happens if you have to use a plunger too strongly to clear excess onion skins and potato peelings (hint: it loosens seams and the disposal needs to be replaced).Took off a star because of the plastic body and seams coming loose.
Height and length adjustments are easy and firm.
I have many of book lights but this is the best one so far.
If you're like me, you have a bit of a problem following a long chalk line down a piece of wood.  
Does not fit.
love it.  
It came quick with free shipping & it was exactly the quality I expected.
It's super inexpensive, so I did not expect a precision instrument, but it did the job well.
This is my favorite air hose in the world.
I have been using this for quite some time now over a year it has helped with many cuts and made the saw much safer I don't understand why it does not come on the saw
I thought it would be better quality
FAST SHIPPING AND GOOD VALUE
This is a heck of a nice carpenters square, it even has all the conversions on it so you do not have to carry around a extra book, but can look at the side of the square and do many things, they are number etched into the steel of the square, this is also a very solid and not flimsy square, very happy with this purchase, cannot go wrong with Stanley tools.
Using these bags makes emptying the vac almost fun, especially if you've ever gotten a face full of dust with no bag being used.
cracked, junk handle
Nice to be able to find a replacement for 10 year old gear that works as well as the original stuff.
Mechanism is a little loud, other than that, it is a great unit.
This is a great tool to connect into your electric drill or battery drill.
Quality product for the most part.  
Really do love this fence though.
I drilled over 100 1/2" deep holes into treated 4x4's and the bit held up very well.
This miter saw is of great quality and the price was right!  
Quality product, cheaper than the big box stores
Amazon.com had a better price than our local stores.
perfect.
Works well for garden tools, not so much for high quality blades.
don't get it expecting to even cut through thick plastic.  
I used the extra coarse to get them back to factory specks and followed up with finer stones.
There is also enough room in the bag - even with 4-gauge cables - for a pair of safety glasses, pliers, a battery terminal brush, among other items.
Lou - full time electrician and fixer.
If you buy this fan to replace a worn or not working unit, you must take off the new motor from the frame and put it on your old one.
Unit worked great and improves security over a button left in the car that could be stolen.
SO FAR SO GOOD....POWERED UP!!!
Battery life seems fine so far.  
i've been using the black version for years and these have a slightly more sturdy body.
This problem has the potential to be a safety issue.  
A great product from Dewalt.
I rate it 5 stars because it is an excellent design.  
Easy to set combination and serves our intended purpose.
Great outdoors, marine lock.
Good, solid edison plug
Should be perfect!  
One of the few Black and Decker products I would recommend.
this thing had a loose part rattling around inside it
They work great for the correct size shop-vac.
I bought the 548's based on other reviews from Amazon, and I will say that they are correct about them being a great plier.
Actually cancelled the order but have another one of these and works great for years at auto repair business
I highly recommend these.
Used this to apply a pvc skid plate to my kayak that needed to be heated.  
Quite a selection for a great price....
I thank Bench Dog for turning me on to this installation method, and to Rousseau for making such a great router plate.
Connection on the smaller 5 gallon units is not great with its slip on over nozzle fit.
All being said, once insert is properly configured, it is a great addition to my table saw.
It's OK to experiment a little.
For all of you with Bug Zappers using Woods 2001 Outdoor Mechanical or Woods 50013 Digital Timer with Light Sensors having problems Great News !!!
It is a decent quality and a good length but be aware that when done, you will need to zip tie it into a coil and put it into a shop towel or other container for storage.
Quality brass fittings with no air leaks when fittings are attached.
The black finish has worn off over the years but thats no big deal after all it is a hammer.the price is very good.
Shop vacs are a must have for us do it yourselfers.
Glad to find it here for a great price.
Also we always keep a plastic tray under this disposal to catch the leaks when they eventually happen.
Always brings the tree down in the right direction and easy to use.
With a simple 2x4 rack, I can  glue up wide panels with them.  
Great for holding things together when welding.
Easy to install and is better than a 24 hour timer for the short term use of 110 volts.  .
USE SAFETY GLASSES!
This unit works great for accessing the corner of a building and maintaining stability with the ladder.  
I wanted the same thing to replace it as it does a great job crimping.
I install cabinets and have ot cut crown several times a week.  
This particular blade resides on my table saw and has been a great addition to the smaller 1.75HP motor.
At least one reviewer complained of the price.
I have purchased three of these for my small home workshop and they all perform flawlessly!
Highly recommended for Ryobi BT3100 saws for ripping and even plywood.
This is a must have for an engineer who works in SAE inch dimensions.  
Works pretty well with a little tune up, however it keeps slippiing adjustment on the blade depth.
Marvelous tool and extremely fair priced.  
If given the choice I would spend 2x the money and get a fan light combination that was much quieter.
very sturdy, well designed.  
Works great, heavy duty, and no worry's when I leave the house with the air conditioner running.
clearly marked,  useful.
It rips very easily.
Just opened and 2 things to share about my disappointment with this Woods
Perfect plug for 220v or 110v generator.
nice graduated sharpener lets me sharpen big and small serrations.
Works good on pine and balsa, sucks with oak and walnut.
I highly recommend it!  
It took the whole bottle to put out the fire though which was pretty big so this extinguisher would only help with a small fire or possibly help you escape through a window with a bedroom fire.
Highly recommended
This is great product when you have limited space.
definitely recommend it
I love the grip and its weighted so well.
I really like these glove and how they fit.
These fit the bill.
I scraped off a bit of the black coating material to expose the brass beneath.  
These alarms should be removed from the market.
Not worth the time to calibrate.
Quality is what I would expect from Dewalt products.  
Some of the other reviewers mentioned having trouble with the fit, mine worked fine.
These are 16d nails that measure 3.5" ...
I restored an old Parks planer and the footprint fit none of the dedicated basesso I opted to try one of the universal bases.  
Great Price and it is also very sturdy and connects easily to the external cover we have on that Kindle where it does not scratch the kindle itself.  
It is very silent, which is the only thing i like about it.
If you want a quality small and light knife that you won't realize is in your pocket, this is the one to buy.
I didn't feel like doing the job with a manual hack saw, so I got out my Dremel.  
All in all, a lot of good things in such a small package.
I'm pretty sure everything that should be said has been said about this belt sander.  
I love this company I do not have to change filters as often great savings
I like the mounting bracket and the "traditional" look of this product.  
Great price, better than expected and very quick delivery.
I really like this toilet seat
Have one in the garage, one in the kitchen and one in each vehicle.  Have not had to use any yet (thank heavens), but I think we are prepared if we do.
These are not tamper proof.
If you don't use one very often, this works good.
And the price was so agreeable!
works as advertised.
I buzzed through plywood, 2X4's and an assortment of stuff with little effort.
About 10 months ago I ordered and received a pair of these suspenders.
does not work...
well built and light weight.
I use it to profile auto body work and it does the job because it is long enough to get a good profile
Great gift for my husband he loves it!  
Very accurate and super handy.
This was just perfect to control my waterfall pump.
Love these sharpeners i don't have a lot of experience but these are easy to use and i get a sharp lasting edge everytime.
For a couple dollars, it's definitely worth purchasing this aluminum line level rather than the cheap plastic junk you often see.
This thing works - it puts a nice layer of rubber between your hands and that stupid plastic bucket handle.  
what else is there to say?
works well in my shop if you need more parts you need to go to Shop Vac web site and dig for dust collection to find the seperate extra parts
That was a disappointment.
Exactly as advertised, however if you came here from the pet nail file Dremel tool, these are for the SMALLER drum and will not fit the one sold with the nail file kit, as that one is larger.
I love the variable speed.
So far I have not installed any so they must be a great bulb.
I used this bit and the 99-015 to make a two piece complex molding for a cabinet.  
This is a solid, easily used tape meas.  
Programming digital devices is a major PITA ... would have prefered a mechanical one if it could be found in the same size.  
My new favorite!!!
Nice little measuring tape.
This insert was very easy to adapt in to my saw.  
BenchDog made this part -- keeping a level and smooth, snag free working surface -- easy, a nice design.
This is a good basic router to own.
I bought two of these -- one a 15 watt the other a 20 watt.  
As described and works like you expect.  
I bought two of these bags for cord storage.  
A must need tool if you are working on objects below 1"great to have in my tool set
A little too large for smaller pockets.
Took me @ 4 boards before I placed it consistently.
the item is as described, I haven't filled it with my fishing gear yet
For me, this looked better in the picture than in real life.
It sounds more like a fine piece of machinery than a couple of animals fighting to the death inside my sink (like my old disposer).It has proven to be reliable and strong.
Case knives are made in the USA and the quality shows.
Very handy for tight spots where you drill/driver will fit but a full sized drill won't.
Very poor quality, AVOID!
( I am 83+)
Cuts finer than the 18T version.
Its great design item.  
I'm a hobbyist (vs professional) machinist, but I prefer the highest quality tools that I can reasonably afford.
I hate these things.
These clamps are great for a medium-scale woodworking project (in our case a table).  
I love the nailer, especially the lack of weight.
Would purchase again.
Suprised at how great of a deal this is availible at on Amazon; id imagine this goes for 15-20 dollars at a hardware store like homedepot or lowes.
Be careful.
A gift for my Son.
The bluing does wear off pretty quick but I have never had a blade that didn't and, frankly, it doesn't seem to matter as long as you store them dry.
Great price!
I breathe so much better.
Gun is back and working fine now.
I go through tape measures like they're going out of style and this one is bomb proof.  
Worth the $$ for any wood worker.
The size and color are great, but it is a bit thin and we had to reinforce the grommet holes with duct tape.
I replaced it with a major brand, big discount store, consumer grade saw,,, then 2 more.
The only minus I can see with  this sander is that the dust collection system could be better.  
I needed these for a classroom project (supervised use, of course) and wanted a quality product rather than the cheap, dollar store type of knives.
Very handy laser for plumbing up walls in tight spots.
Great!!!!
It works for what I needed it for, but it barely scratches the surface and what you inscribe is difficult to read unless it's turned a certain way toward the light.
Also, good for heat shrinking heat shrink tubing.
These clamps are great and quick, really quick!
Included blade is decent.
Light is bright and does not drain the battery terribly.  
They also adjust easily too.
Does what it is supposed to do, but needs to be refined just a tad... releasing the bit afterward is sometimes tricky...
I bought 9404 model and it was used.
I love this sander.  
I love the flexible arm style, too!UPDATE: After minor usage over the past 8 months, my Mighty Bright has turned into "Mighty Broken".  
Go for it, this is a great machine for your shop!
The Dewalt flashlight is a lifesaver but the bulbs are hard to find.
Sturdy and great for high ceilings!
The large solder tip definitely has more heat, but the smaller tips showed no difference.
My husband has used this brand and type of gloves for years...
It does an excellent job, is solidly built, and above all it doesn't make my hand and arm tired.  
Bought this to control my electric pool sweep, overriding the built in timer.  
Oh !!, one other thing is the dust bag works perfectly.
These are very nice quality but we had to buy a new bit to make the existing opening larger...that cost an extra $50.
Good set of American made pliers.
Works much better than the Home Depot's Rigid version or the Ryobi wheels that I could have bought for my Ryobi BT3100 table saw.  
Filter is durable and reusable after cleaning for years.
Delivered quicker than anticipated.  
So this is the best I can do.
IT WORKS FOR ME AND IT LOOKS GOOD.
We have 14 ft ceilings is a few rooms and the standard 6ft ladder just doesn't cut it; the 10 ft ladder was a bit too heavy to move around, this 8 footer is perfect as though it is 8 ft long when open it is just about 7 1/2 ft from floor to top step making it fine for the 8 ft ceiling rooms.
Decent tarp.
I use the Bessey KliKlamps most of the time, but sooner or later you need to power of a bar clamp.  
Nice little key chain tape.
This is a timer we use for our outdoor fountain so that it comes on and off just during the daytime.
Perfect fit
Upon inspection this item does not measure up to the quality of the Stanley models I have owned in the past.
Seems like a solid made product
This utility knife is exactly what I was looking for: inexpensive, simple, solid, all metal construction.
Great light.  
This drill works great.  
While vacuuming the mess from a bathroom remodel, my Shop Vac would have dust swirling in the air and bits of super-light stuff shooting out the exhaust with just the ordinary filters.  
Adds up quickly when you need 10 of them.
Good for small stuff-- and really-- if someone is going to steal your stuff- it takes bolt cutters to break this- same cutters as on a big lock.  
I'm not writing a review on the use of the base as I have yet to work with it enough to give it a fair review.  
I am still looking for the right connector, this just didn';t do the job.
It's easy to maintain and very dependable on the job.
I blow it out and it works as good as new.  
Good quality, good price!
Still a great tool, but I'm downgrading to four stars.
Quality is poor, accuracy and precision is worse.  
These are good quality blades and last awhile.  
It's has a lot of room and since our home is a Bungalow it looks like it belongs next to it.
I ordered this myself because it was significantly cheaper than the price my plumber could've gotten it for.  
Missing screws 1 out of 3. very annoying since I don't want to use the old screws.
very clunky to use.
After a few test cuts to learn how it operates (twists, body position, etc.), I was cutting clean and straight with little issue.  
The added bonus to the base plate is its clear design.  
I got a ton of vise grips but nothing like this Big Mama Jama, just got it today and already used it twice.  
A winner for me !
nice "hidden" features.  
These are great for cutting softer woods and plywood.
what can you say about a battery, its works great and got for a very fair price
IT REALLY IS A GREAT BLADE WHEN USED ON THE CORRECT MATERIAL.
Although I have a 7 1/4 circular saw, I find myself using this saw 99% of the time- its size and weight make it a more enjoyable tool to use.
Good crimpers reasonable price
Best tape measures on the market for fighting the "floppy tape syndrome".
very good system.
Will always buy Baldwin hardware!
Nice job, Delta.
Great for just tearing stuff up, but accurately.
Hope that info helps someone, other than the cold stiffness issue, it's a perfectly good cord.
Just disappointing that I had to spend time modifying it to work instead of a simple install.
Tangles frequently.
It does a perfect job and stays sharp forever.
what can you say  about a nail?
It makes heat, but it doesn't solve all of life's problems... minus one star.
Small part come up misplaced all to easily, and the Dremel Q-change kit is ideal to have in the case
These work pretty well.
Hold down as they are supposed to, got in very good time.
This bulb said it fit less then 35mm.  
These lights work great and came at a good price!  
I love the bend, this has made it super easy for me to pull off baseboard.
Great buy and love mine.
I have nothing negative to say about it.
got these for a great price.
At that cheaper price, it feels like a bargain.
Worked like a champ to remove small trunks to below grade.  
I thought Pony was a good brand but . . .
I had to buy an 8 gallon and it worked great.
A great company to deal with.
After the first chair I was using it like a pro.
I bought these on amazon.com and they arrived when they said they would and the vendor was great to deal with.
waste of money.
I could have gone to the local hardware store and purchased new ones -- this is the only reason that I give the product four stars.  
We used it constantly, and until now it had been fine, so I will probably buy another one just like it.
The original design by STANLEY made in the USA were comfortable to use.
The Dewalt countersink bits work great for drilling countersunk pilot holes.
There were a few reviews saying that they didn't quite fit; I have no idea what the reviewers are talking about since my pieces fit perfectly.
Great for putting epoxy in your garage.
To wit: this thing is the Jaws of multitools.
From loosening all kinds of stuck things from oil filters to jar lids and wowing your friends, this is the ticket.  
Well I needed a wider range anyway and this was a good set for that.  
Nice kit.
A very good value for the price.
Vaughn is known for making a fine line of hand tools and hammers.  
The polish did gleam like the picture, like so shiny a flash would only capture that crazy reflection you get off a clean windshield on a summer day.  
The fold out roller supports are great.  
Pretty solid machine.
it is bigger than my opening by about 0.5 in, some other brands in 30x20x1 sizes do fit ok
worked perfect for high amp draw on my fog machine
It is very accurate and easy to use.  
Works great.
Additonally, Amazon has one of the best prices.
Shines bright, comfortable grip.  
Lightweight, yet sturdy and easy to set up or take down.
Bought this based on recommendations from reviewers as a good item to have to grind large drill bits faster.
It allow you hang the gun up while it is still hot with out the electrical cord touching the hot nozzle.
It works as advertised.  
I require quality tools, and I purchased these because of the price and personal knowledge about the quality of the product.
Bought it for my Dad to go with his old Estwing hatchet, no complaints from him so far and honestly I expect it to last a lifetime
Also I haven't notice the locking mechanism being hard to open or close.
Like most homeowners I do a variety of jobs around the house that require various tools.  
Kind of like having a mini bucket boss  right there in front of your tool bags.
I love these - cheap enough you don't have to worry about damaging it, Made in USA, and the housing is exactly 3 inches.
Used it once so far to much a hole in my new belt, it worked great no complaints...
Ok no.  It fit into my shop vac as advertised and filters out dirt...
You won't be disappointed!
Great price for old retired guy.
a bit cheesy, good for light duty stuff, but not really for motorcyles or anything heavy.
I am happy to choose this, quality and price are perfect.
I love the assortment of tools on board.  
and it will get a great deal of use in my shop in the years to come.
Good value for what you get.
all my drill bits are clean and always sharp, and I never worry about makeing them dull again.
This disposal is pretty standard and shouldn't have too many problems for most kitchens.
Good product.
It was in fact very easy.  
Not the fanciest tool but probably one of the most valuable in my field kit.  
I really like the D-Handle.
In fact this DeWalt blade seemed to do a tiny bit better.  
A very durable product that works all the time.
Great except easy to loose because of black finish.
This is a really great table extension and I'm very happy with it.
No complaints.
Don't buy one of these if you're not mechanically inclined as there's a certain art involved with using it and some people won't get the concept.
Flatten the bottom and sharpen and this is a fine block plane.
Not very happy with these products.
Very good product.  
It does exactly what it is designed to do and its durability is unmatched.
killer locks, very sturdy and weather resistant
This is a good idea for a underpowered saw with thin kerf blades.
I have a fiberglass entry door by masonite.
The Freud Professional Dado blade set is worth the money.
for the right ladder, it's good.
These flashlights are sturdy, reliable, bright ... and we do get well over 2 hours on a charge using the XRP batteries.
Excellent price, and beefy quantity of metal wires.
What really made the difference was having teeth on both sides of the blade and two difference TPI on either side gave the saw a lot of flexibility.
Excellent product for the price!
basic block plan, easy to adjust, does its job, decent price.
A disapointment, even at this price...
Purchased this almost solely for usage with heat shrink tubing and connectors.
These are the small size extractors but they work good for small screws such as #8 or #10 wood screws
Over all, this is a great product that can be used in every furniture-making project for accurate markings.
I've used the Irwin SpeedBor spade bits for years and think they are decent for the price.
Blades come out really easy - love this.
Acceptable.
It works quite well after adjusting the blade to the shoe, it is almost effortless to make your cut straight.
Perfect saw blade size for disassembling pallets.
I don't use this feature all the time, but it's sure nice to have it there.  
This glove is ideal for the urban cowboy/suburban farmer/truck driver.
Best stacking dado head product out there.  
A must have for any drill set owner.
The thin kerf frees up some amp and torque from my little contractors' table saw.  
Even non-Stanley ones.
I am liking the Jet products the more I see of them.
Hopefully we won't ever need it because I'm worried it'll fail in an emergency like my test one did.
Excellent Tool!!!!
Like a big dumb robot head... that's green.
Great tool for any wood work.  
These lower wattage 20W bulbs make a nice replacement for 50W undercabinet kitchen lamps that are way too bright.
I have been building "Heirloom Quality" Custom woodwork for 30+ years.
Gotta agree with others who find this one of the best, easiest to use guns out there.
Sent it back !
You have a bike that looks ridiculous with huge holes in the seat...  
You child (or you) will want them quickly.
Great game for mental stimulation, motor skills, strategy, etc.
my grand-daughter uses these paints over and over .
also not a great pool for littles who need help using the edge of the pool to slide out, which I didn't think about when we bought this.
So cute.
This one is really annoying-aside from the fact that it is loud-it does next to nothing that it claims-save your time, money and the stress of you child saying "MOMMY THIS THING IS NOT WORKIN" RIGHT!!!"
:(  VERY DISAPPOINTED.  
A nice craft - for my 6 year old would've been impossible for her to do on her own - but we enjoyed doing it together.
This is an excellent first roller coaster.
My kids love this game.
Wonderful toy for kids.  
Kids loved it and had fun.
Very disappointed.
(is sturdy enough for us but ofcourse it could brake if you child is used to brake or smack things.
Kids really enjoy the game and learn while they play.
Simple yet fun.  
Pretty fun!
Great addition to a great game.  
I should read all the reviews first before I buy this toy as a Christmas Gift!!!
My kids love this toy.
Excellent quality all over.
We got this game for our daughter last year [she was 3] and we love it!
It was fantastic.
My 5 year old daughter loves it!  
The new types of pieces are great and help you complete roads and castles.  
The hours of play with this item are well worth the money.
These markers are somewhat washable, but they still do not come off as easy as one would hope.
No complaints!
Takes less than an hour for my husband and I to play a game.
I had almost the exact same toy as a child to help learn the multiplication table.
It is sturdy enough to be constructed & reconstructed many times.
It muffles the sound and makes it not so migraine inducing.
Big foamy dice that are very quiet and great to use for a visual aid in front of a group.
Not fun at all.
At 6 months baby loves this toy.
I recently got this at a mass retailer during one of their super sales and I'm very glad I paid way less than list price.
My middle school students like it.
It's a good game board, my 3 year old daughter loves Pete the Cat and this game will help her learning to count.
True to size the animals are perfect size.
We own this game in German since it was one of my husband's favorite games.  
Put the zip back in my sons truck!
We got this for when we went to FL in march and it held both of our 6 year olds and it is still holding up well in the FL heat
Quality looks good and is very small (once packed) for easy transportation.
I received this as a shower gift.  
Looks super sweet too.
This is the most amazingly soft cat!My daughter loves it and of course the whole family loves holding this thing as if it was real.
I got these for my nephew and he loves them!  
One of our familys favorite games for game night.
I was let down by the size of the purse; however, my niece (3) loved it and the detail
I bought these along with some coloring books for my sister.
This is really a cool idea, but the habitat is VERY flimsy.  
I love this kit for keeping my 2 year old busy and learning at the same time.  
good product
The printing is high-resolution, glossy with nice colors.
Not worth the buy.
This one is pretty much a wash after the sun goes down.  
Infant tent was easy to assemble.
This is a cute soft puppy.
Very cute gift!
This walker is absolutely THE BEST.  
A FAV GAME FOR GIRLS!!!!!!!!!
A SHELF"  *  
Terrible.
This is such an oustanding toy for a very good price.  
I like that it's easy to use, but the clamp is PLASTIC.
Perfect for my 8 yr old to do his art coloring.
She and parents loved it.
Great pack!
This only OK.
Everything about this order was good except most of the balls where soft in spots.
My son uses this building plate daily.  
I could send my kids to college with the amount of money I've spend on these pieces of wood and plastic.
Reminds me of Pokeno, which we love to play.
The detail in and quality of Dark Horse's GOT collection is incredible.
I wish we could chose colors.
I had bought this since it was one that was around the house when I was a child.
but in general it is a decent box and you cant go wrong with the price
I have two boys: 4 and 7 with so many toys at home that they have hard time finding a "new" toy at a local Walmart.
I would say 3rd grade and higher.  
Please be aware that these are small tubs of Play-Doh.
I like this game as a solo game.  
My 3 year old loves this puzzle.  
It's pretty expensive and money is pretty hard to come by!
Too bad that they won't make the "Elves" in the USA.
We loved it.  
This is a great casual game to play with friends and family.  
the adventure included is very good and gives a good starting point for a campaign..
The game board, although has some decoration, has a "clean" look and easy readable.
but she has a serious problem losing to a "bad guy" like Bumble.
This is a must have for anyone who has lots of Legos, my Grandchildren to use it on there many Lego sets.
Very cute and great quality.  
A little lightheartedness on the often challenging pathways of life.
All 3 of my kids love these instruments.  
I have NO idea how it received so many good reviews???
This game is an excellent source of examples of critical thinking  exercises.  
The price you pay is for a pop up butterfly tent and a plastic pipette.  
I love this puppet.  
This is the only thing I don't like about these sets.
Really fun game to play with my kindergartner who loves numbers and counting.
She immediately went to work attempting dismantle her other toys.
I got this for my son for his second birthday but ended up giving it to him a couple weeks early on a boring day.  
I love that this pool is so fast and easy to set up and tear down.
Just can't say enough good things about this purchase.
An old standard!
What a great sound this has!  
Christopher has a very sweet story about a curious elf who wishes to see real children.
I wish the train cars would snap together because my son just tears them apart.
I was concerned after reading some of the reviews, but I must say our little girl has fallen in love with this purse.
This cash register is a fun thing for my Grandkids to play with.
Spend the extra money and buy the learning resources or lakeshore learning brand.  
It's a lot less annoying than the other music and sound toys she has, thank goodness.
Sometimes my 7 year old even plays with it now!
I won a loose Yoda complete with accessories for [money].  
Thanks!
Very fun to do with the kids.
It's a cool effect, and a lot of fun.
I think he's going to love this set.
This just seems like one of those instant classic toys.
We've loved all of the games we've gotten from Gamewright (Slamwich, Hisss, Feed The Kitty), they have a great assortment of games for a variety of ages.
This is a great little smock!
But I haven't seem to have found a stuffed animal cat with a very cute/friendly looking face
This tub is cute and serves its purpose fine
It is made of very sturdy pieces, and each have very easy to read cities/state/landmarks.  
It's lego
But strategy games I love, and this is one of my favorites!
We have another brand with big round caps that she prefers.
We love this nativity!  
christmas gift that they haven't recieved so i don't know looks like fun and looks like they will enjoy anything different is nice same old toys nothing new gets old after a while besides it increases there imaginative skills and i bought the book with it on space rockets for children
Daughter loves and prefers over the electronic toys that sit right next to this!
Husband says every kid has to have one.  3-1/2 year-old daughter likes it ...
The price was good .
I would say it's a good buy!
It's also great because it can be played by only two players as well as with a group.
I allowed my daughter to pick one thing for us to buy at Toys 'R' Us and when I came upon this I read it finding it interesting.
and i bought it as a gift and think she will love it!!
The item was received promptly and was as expected, it was not any better or worse quality than was discribed in the specifications.
My child's first toy.
This game is a great tool.  
I love Melissa & Doug products.  
My husband, my 7 1/2 yr old daughter and I LOVE to play this game!
Great fun...we use 2 die instead of cards.
Love the game, but was disappointed with the quality of the tiles this time which were hollow underneath.  
My daughter received this ball as a gift when she was 4 months old, and never played with it until she was about 8 months old.  
They were super excited for their new spy gear!
Bicycle playing cards have a reputation for making the best cards, and they do not fall short from that.  
so if a cat knocks it down overnight it's no big deal.  
This isn't like a seat buckle, this is more of a cheap cloth buckle that you find on cheap pants (kind of hard for a 2 year old)
It just doesn't have the same appeal to the kids as the money!Overall I am super happy.  
Great stuffie for my son to take to bed when we read all the Llama Llama Books.
They all love playing with this.
It's also easy to clean and to store, because of the wide neck and bottom.  
Such a good purchase, but really only holds specific Melissa & Doug puzzles.. not the chunky kind either.
I can't say enough how great these are.  
Never had better ones for the price!
I use to play Don't Spill the Beans as a child and loved it!
This Drum is amazing.
Works just like the full size from when I was a kid.
Tile lock is so useful--- makes it much more difficult for your boyfriend to try to move pieces around while you're refilling drinks in the kitchen.
You get to sit upright and be comfortable.
The wheels DO NOT ROLL, on either carpet or on hardwood.  
Not much to say, it works great!
IT WOULD BE CHEAPER THOUGH
The peg board is soft so it doesn't hurt when it's knocked off the table.
My granddaughter plays with these rings every day and has since she was a few months old.
This book is a ton of fun!  
This book is so great.  
I read several older reviews that stated that the adapters quit working after some time.
Cute as anything and, so far, holding are very well--
This is a great toy for either a boy or girl!!
Our  5-6 year old loves it and raced to find it eack morning
It's huge and is a nice picture The pieces are of a decent quality too
Plates are great quality and easy to use.
2 year old loves it, I however find it annoying (the popping sound).
This is just as fun and less work.  
It's really good quality and easy for them to use on their own.
With a battery, that is not safe at all.
Not great, but good.  
It is nice having so many colors to choose from.
They remained a tiny black dot.
This is one of her favorite books!  
Bought this for a niece.  
Lots of fun for  your little ones with this Harvey.
We've gone through many toy vacuums but this one is the best.
It looks durable, but we've only had it a little over a week.  
If you ever watched any nerdy sci-fi shows or movies, this interesting game will keep you laughing with all the inside jokes and characters.  
I like the idea
classic board game that's fun for the whole family
These are the best.
A little bigger playing board may be nice but other than that it is a great toy to take with you.
love this game.
MY CHILD WILL LOVE IT!
we just played this the other night and the older kids loved it.  got it for the youngest that loves Disney, but not old enough to play just yet...will definitely get plenty of use for family game nights
My 5 year old, 7 year old and husband love this game.  
I Love this Deck.
For about $12.00 it delivered a lot of fun.
She saw it in a movie once and thought it was neat.  
It'd be better if they added some foam there.
So expensive for the product!
It was proved to be great!
I was a little disappointed with these.  
While I think that these make a great teaching tool, there are quite a few things that could use improvement.
We have had an extensive Leap Pad library in our home for almost over 2 years now-this book is very fun for the girls-it brings their imagination to a fairytale land, yet at the same time they are learning.
It is such a great thing for the kids and they get so much joy out of it.
Great for building and creating.
If you look for toys that are fun and versatile and easy to use, this is a good toy.
Great buy!  
This is the most kid friendly of the Bruder construction toys we have.
My 2 year old loves this bus.  
Tape doesn't hold well to ceiling.
Very Cool!
The colors vary.
On that note, though, please know that this toy makes some NOISE, so if you are a person who can't stand noisy toys, this is NOT the toy for your house.
The hamburger bun is yellow like the swiss cheese.
Still a fun little set, though, and my daughter seemed to enjoy it a lot.
This kit was very user friendly and my grandson (age 10) enjoyed the light experiments.
This was a wonderful way to finish up a science chapter on beetles!
I bought a used one for my daughter and she never used it.
My daughter's grandmother bought this for her as a Christmas present and it's the worst toy I've ever seen.
Fast shipping of caterpillars too!
It's best used on a carpeted surface in a family room or living room.
Exactly what I expected and for a great price!
Great quality and sturdy product.  
My daughter loves to empty bags and purses so now she can have her own and it's all safe stuff that I don't have to worry about unlike my own purse!
It is the perfect set for a play date and I love they are big pieces (big=safe).
Our loud family gets even louder playing this game!  
My guess is a kid over 15-18 mos won't find this much fun.  
The items in this purse set are durable and fun, my 2 year old takes her phone everywhere!
My 3-year-old daughter LOVES it!
this one looks really nice in actual and i enjoy playing it a lot with my friends.
I was happy to be able to find it easily without searching through many stores.
This is a great party game!
she loves it and thought it was fun.
Very thin, bendable building plate.
This float is too heavy and tips over....be careful with small children
This item was given several years ago to a three-year old boy who absolutely loved it!  
However, we read the cards and have a good laugh at the questions and answers.
Easy to put together and a fun ride for little ones!  
It's decent sized.
Great Grand kids play with this every day and they love the set.
He is a good price for all the quality sewn into him.
This product appears to simply be official packaging for a game we've been calling "Speed Scrabble" for years.  
Highly recommend.
My granddaughter loves to pretend and loves this cart even though she's only 19 mos old, she knows what it is.  
love, love, love this game!!!  
The elf is cute, although probably a bit expensive considering what it is.
He loves trains and loved this puzzle.
all of them, all ages, my 12 yr old with do this.. very sturdy, lots of fun!
Because the pieces all are magnetic you don't lose them and they are easy to play with.
I was dissapointed that the cards looks just like the original Fluxx.  
They glow very bright and come in a great variety of sizes.  
This isn't deep understanding, but it's a fairly painless and oft times rather enjoyable way to learn some facts that further instruction can build upon later on down the educational road.  
i purchased this thinking it was the ORIGINAL crocodile dentist.
cute game.
Save your money!
IT LOOKS CUTE IN THE POOL THOUGH.
I'm reintroducing this game to my boys and my niece (my sister and I used to play this when we were kids.)  
PARENTS BEWARE THE SAFETY HARNESS DETACHES BY ITSELF.
This could be a good family bonding game.
Very good and totally worth the 3 hours I spent sticking them..
The colors are bright!
Great gift for my nieces -- they will love it.
It's easy to create your own set of rules for younger players.
It's a simple concept and it doesn't take long to play.  
Nice dense saturation of color that washes out like magic.
Great for kids and doesn't annoy the adults.  
Cant go wrong with Stratego to burn time.
Kids love phones.  
After wash, the colors last pretty well.
very tough rubber piggy bank.  
Some reviewers say it is cheaply made, I don't agree at all.
My nephew loved this truck at first sight.
I bought this as a gift for a friend.
This is pretty annoying and seems an easy fix the company could please make.
The paint was super easy to get off our skin, no scrubbing, it just started flaking off & every little bit washed out of our clothes!!  
Cute set just be careful of the lid on the teapot it is the perfect size for choking.
We all LOVE this game!!
Can someone please tell me who the manufacturer is or if there is a number I can call to get a replacement.
I can see what all the great reviews were about.
The low price and fun factor make this toy a must purchase!!
Great toy.  
Definitely a game worth having at home if your family likes board games.
Kids love it.
Best toddler gift for 2-3 year olds
Intro to the real Christmas Story
A great first time instrument for children.
Great stuff.
My daugther received the Zoo Train (along with the Zoo) for her second birthday.  
I should have just bought one at the dollar store.
Folkmanis puppets are so well made.
My son loves it.
They look too cool, but Mars is made a little too lightly because it barely glows.
Made well and it's very sturdy.
Since I don't know what the normal oz. are in a play doh can, I was pretty shocked at how small these are.
Good functional toy.
This a great toy for teaching colors.  
We homeschool our kids and this is a really well made abacus at a great price.
My toddler ABSOLUTELY LOVED this!
The booklet can be stored in the pouch along with the game.
This is a nice, simple "game".
I really couldn't have asked for a better product.
These are great for the summer when I'm kit worried about my kids sleeves getting dirty.theyre so light weight, my kids don't mind wearing them.
The sound puzzles won't fit and neither will the chunky wood puzzles, even though they're Melissa and Doug.
No big deal.  
The kids love this thing, it is perfect fun.
Fun game for kids.  
Its the same one we had growing up, and the babies still love it!
Takes a bit to get your head around the scoring, but once you do, it is so fun.
My 2 year old baby loves this.
Learned how to play this game sitting around a table with friends.
But this version is cheaply built.
He laughs and says  "nooooooooo" and moves it to the correct color fish.
my kids were obv in love with an abundance of crayons.
Well-designed and fun to play.
My kids *love* these puzzles.  
3-year old Grandaughter loves this toy.
Labyrinth is requested by adults more often than the other 250+ games in our collection.  
Its cute, great for outdoors and inside...I have it set up inside my daughters room
drum sticks are nice though.
but I think this one is my new favorite gift.
I got this game for my 11 year old daughter because I loved it as a kid.  
Great Toy!!
The colors are super cute and the shapes are adorable, I wish I had one like this when I was a little girl.
Love this game-it's loud, fun and works with a large number of people.
At any rate, if you want to buy this, it's a fine tub.
Great board game!
So glad I purchased them!
We would stand the pins up all over a room and watch her make a mad dash to smack them all down.  
Still...alot of fun and great exercise chasing thos rockets!
It's definitely something to teach them to take turns because they love it.
Withstood quite a beating before breaking and held a decent amount of candy.
The cards are very thick and durable, which is also great for the little ones.
This is one of the best toys I have ever bought if you are thinking about it, stop it, click and buy!!!
Too big for tractor, so had to make a strap to hold the battery in place.
I bought this over priced umbrella (2 of them actually) to shade the Step 2 choo choo wagon we own (LOVE THAT!!)
It is awesome because it only works on the paper.  
I have heard from the other parents that this game was enjoyable and a new favorite at their homes.
Great Quality, sturdy, stands up to her beatings.
I'd say it's a hit and for the price, this is an excellent buy.
We love the Fluxx games!
Older daughter liked them though.
The bottles are a good size, the paint colors brightly on the paper, dries fast, and best of all, the paint cleans up off of table and little hands quickly and easily.
Our (middle-school through high school aged) children and I enjoy this fun little game.
My grandchildren (3-8 years) and all the neighbor kids love these soft foam rockets!  
I would still recommend this toy.
They are great markers just keep in mind scented one's bleed thru paper and that while their great and do last long time they have same problem 20 pack dose super tips are not labeled by color I wish they were.
I was a little disappointed with the amount of plastic on the toy.  
As the kids love it as well.
it is lots of fun and educational.
The art styles are bright and vivid with high-quality artwork, and the writing style is equally compelling.  
Colors are bright, and rings appear to be well made for handling by little ones.  
This cat is so cute.
Not the best choice.
What can i say, they're crayola, so they're great.
This is like a Scrabble game, but with cards.  
Granddaughter loves this game.  
Our grandson is 4 and not a big for year old and the smock was way to short and wide it also fits awkwardly, not a good design or well made product.
My 3 year old absolutely loves  puzzles.
As sturdy as ever and just as much fun.
I bought this climber for my 1 1/2 year old, but it is a hit with my five year old, too!
Wonderful toy for our littles as we home school our bigs.
They color great and when I color after taking a ambien the colors look even more amazing.
These are GREAT!
It's hard to avoid trees where I live, so we lost almost all of the rockets in our fun hour of play.
Big bulky pieces, not permanent structure.
Wound up throwing it away, total waste of money.
Perfect gender neutral set since I know my son will love using it as he gets older.
And, for whatever reason, it is really quite fun to slide the plastic cars around on the board.
I love this idea and my 3-year old daughter loves it as well.  
But, she loves the items.  
They're clean and fun and it's a wonderful thing to do with your kids.
A great set with a lot of pieces.
Granddaughter loved it , good quality , good learning tool
These are great toys!
Great quality but much smaller than expected
My 3 year old granddaughter loves this, but I can't do it!
The game is well constructed and worth the money for sure!!!
I liked them so well, I ordered a second box for my daughter!
I expect them to last a lot longer the plastic versions.
Pleased with it so far.
This is a great product for your child.  
It's neat and my son enjoys it.
It's a lovely mix of play-styles and strongly fits into Cyberpunk themes and dynamics.
Both my kiddos love this!
I think this is an adorable book.
I love my elves.
It's a toy, but not a great one.
Children love this stuff
Double bonus, we are cat people and do a lot of puzzles in the winter time.
This probably one of my very favorite products from M&D.
Excellent and educational toy.  
Finally got to use it but kept forgetting to replace it kids loved it..
Great game!
I painted a wall in my daughter's bedroom black and applied these.
Nothing is better for a child than good ole, dependable, sturdy toys made from pieces of wood.
This tent is super cute!  
They were the BEST ever.  
Very nice, detailed, and well-made.  
Bought this when my grandkids started to learn about money in school.
It's nice to buy toys that DON'T do all the imagining FOR the kids.  
Thank you.
best rts game ever and still is even though its older.  
The only thing i hated about the game was not the challenge, but when you almost die and your life meter beeping like hell.
They don't even know how to make a game, and if they did, I'm sure it would be the most boring thing to play ever.
This game gets boring
Also cut down on traffic in the floor in front of the tv.
FUN FUN FUN, DREAM CARS, DREAM MACHINES, BEST PS2 RACING GAME, SOLID GRAPHICS, ADDICTIVE GAMEPLAY, TOUGH FUN TO DODGE COPS, ULTRA HIGH SPEEDS, WHITE KNUCKLE RACING ACTION!!WHAT MORE COULD YOU ASK FOR??BUY ITOVERALL96.8%
This isn't the best Batman licensed game ever made, but it's a very unique one.
They're easily the best parts of this game.
Great price for a great game.
A great game for one and all and recommended to everyone.
Bought it cause I used to play it back when the SNES was the best thing out.
Thank you!
The game is mature, intelligent, and most of all, fun!
This is a really fun game to play you can make money and loose money.  
I suggest it to any Final Fantasy fan.
Why does this game cost so much?
It feels like it's pretty good quality and gives a good picture.
This game is an instant  classic, as are just about all games from Blizzard.  
The monsters wore thin, and became  dislikable.
Not good.
Another great thing about TMB is the atmosphere created by the charectors and the style of the levels, the only word that desribes it is "dark".  
This is a great game.
But this one is pretty damn close to an actual SNES controller.
All in all a very good game that's a ton of fun to play!
i would buy again.
Heroes in the battle engine are garishly tinted with a fine coat of colors.  
And watch the wonderful introductory scenes  for a lot of clues.
It's a challenge that can be frustrating but it doesn't skimp out on the fun factor at all.
Great game everyone.
The sound and sound effects are top notch.2.
Fun set of games.
This is an excellent game gameplay wise.
However, while this is a nearly exact port of the PC original, that is both good and bad.  
I  think this is  a bit silly game  even as a female gamer  but  I like the story
I'd recommend this to anyone who owns a gameboy, a gameboy color, a gameboy advance, a snes with a super gameboy, or a gamecube with a gameboy player.
Puzzles are a little complex and tricky.
Great Game!
bought it a few weeks ago and its fun playing against my friends.
This is a great game to buy.
project gotham is great but after playing sega gt 2002
That's about the only fault that I find in this outstanding game.  
This is amazing.  
It works fine.
Its way to small im eleven and its like a toy car in my hands.
Burnout is definitely not worth buying.  
Metroid Prime is probably the best Nintendo game EVER!
now he can play all the games.
This game is by far the best wrestling game I've ever played.
that's fine and dandy..
But for average players like me, it's rather frustrating.
There's a great selection of weapons to choose from.  
This is a great game that kept me on the edge of my seat great graphics all around spooky game.
It was exceptionally easy.
What game is there where the game play throughout the game is always different?
To me it combines all the best features of all the most recent videogame machines.  
So go and buy this now if you don't already have it, totally worth the cost.
I very good tactical Military game.
However my copy was lost and to find a brand new one unopened I was very happy.
You make better weapons appear by lighting fireplaces with THE SAME counselor.  
If games can't register a decent press given to the buttons, the controller needs some serious adjustment.
Well I thought it was cool.  
While Super Mario Bros. 1 is an obvious classic, there has always been debate among vintage gamers of which is the best, Super Mario Bros. 2, or 3?
This game rocks.
This is one of the best games to get for the GBA so grab yourself a copy anyway you can.
Games okay, but got it new for the expasion pack for my new n64
The main character is pretty cool.  
Overall, this is a game for the fans.
It has an intriguing plot, enjoyable characters and dialogues, and fun boss battles.
While I prefer Halo 2 in terms of gameplay and overall storyline, Halo is in itself a perfect game for any gamer.
This is clearly one of the best games of the year, and the graphics are simply incredible provided your hardware is up to spec.
Panzer Dragoon Zwei for Saturn is my favorite video game ever.
Quite humorous storyline.
The name(i mean,super monkey ball?what the stinky kinda name is that?)and the"cute"little monkeys...dumb enough to make me puke!
It's great being able to play all the great games on here, but what is with the sound???
Not cool!...
The diversity of the towns and cities are great, and each one brings something different to the story and environment.
It looks super cool.
blue-is able to swim in water.
This is a game for all the family.
This game is so much fun to play.
It still tastes great but it is definetly not as filling.
Well I'm glad this program supports XP.
Now that I'm officially the best Tekken player period, the urge to own all of them, even the first 2, just consumed me....
So aside from the cool new units and heroes, this game brings more balance to the Warcraft experience.  
But if you have two thumbs (instead of ten) you will find this a delightful pastime - a must play, should own game.
I hate how people pre judge game like family groups and that idiot Joe Liebermen.
What's the big deal with this game?
Music: the best!!!!
While it is a fun game, there are others I like much better.
This NFS title is the best in the series, not to mention the best racing title created for a next-gen system!
The control take some time getting used to, but the game is great.
Buy this game, I'm sure you'll like it.
Oops !
Halo 2 is a good game, but not perfect.
Though it's not the perfect package, this game is by far THE BEST game in the roller coastr/theme park genre of gaming.  
And the best yet(at the time), was the fan-f***in'-tastic Multi-player!  
It is a great fun game.
As a fan of many of the "God Games" out there, I found this one very unintuitive.  
One of the coolest upcoming Star Wars games is definetly this!
Really works perfectly with all games that you need a mic for.
Also, my son really enjoys playing this game, he has repeatedly thanked me for this purchase!
Great game I owned it once now buying back retro games for my kids to enjoy!
Still though, it's a great game with a cool storyline, and a must for any Warhammer 40K fan.
I do recommend buying the strategy guide because it's easy to miss alot.
Dante's weapons are cool too.
This game was a sinch to beat,its boring and it doesn't deserve to be rated.  
Looks like it's in mint condition, and works perfectly!!
It's a very very fun game.
Luigi's Mansion is where it all begins for our favorite Green Suit Plummer's Dark Moon adventures!
U think 1 was good 2 is so much better!!
From Ryu and Ken's Shinkuu Hadoken to Chun Li's Kikousho, they really gave a great new edge to the series.
They should have scrapped this project and focused on the new Golden Sun game, an RPG series that's actualy GOOD and requires DEEP THOUGHT.  
THIS IS YHE GAME  ****** EXCELLENT
Looking at the box of this game i expected it to be really cool, and from reading all the reviews that say it was good, but when i bought it, it was a very large dissapointment.  
A very enjoyable but non-replayable game with a wonderfulcultish-type hero.  
I guess it's a good thing i live in a family with money.. but this thing is just a cheap piece of junk that needs some improving..
I had over 200 maps on that game and it kept the game fresh for me for over 3 years).
Video Game arrived in excellent condition.
But, clearly, these are minor problems to an otherwise great game.
The story is very lightweight and definitely not engaging.  
Great for kids that are young now though who missed out on the Nintendo 8 bit days.
That's not to say it's a bad game, it just has a few short commings.
Another great aspect are the cooking contests.
This sucks when you have two good players and a below-average player, because that player will eat all the continues.
this came with everything i read in the description and now i can play real sega saturn games ur cool dude
I played this game at an online convention.  
but I must say the game is good.
Probably the best war game we own on any system.
The music and other sound in this game is also quite good.  
so you can take it anywhere, graphics rock, sound is awesome and mulitplayer kicks ass, awesome GBA game!
But the extra health is good, since there's a lot of getting hurt in this game.
I ALSO THOUGHT THAT EA DID A VERY GOOD JOB CREATING THIS GAME.
Good and bad.
No complaints at all.
only 1 complaint,... the game HAS limits unlike advertised.
And of course, when you're through with this one, there'll be another one out in the fall!
If you love the show, you'll enjoy the game a lot.
Tanner rules.
Good game.
This game was a stepping stone between the original RPG Dragon Warrior and the amazing Dragon Warrior III.
This game ...
I'm enthralled in this games beauty.  
Avoid the DS remake if possible.
-beautiful graphics.
It's gonna be a great game .
Great great great game!!
A very good game.  
I never expected this THPS game to be this good!
This is very much a game of how much time you'll invest to get more money for bigger and bitter ships and equipment.  
Now, the best things about this game1.
This game is nothing like the movie, and in my opinion was a very over-hyped game.
This I actually think is a good thing.
What I like about this expansion pack,that I can build 5 new houses on a same land then I can watched them and play them,This is a great!
This game, is one of the best games for GC, and at an awsome price!
This game is the best snowboard game ever.
I have a 2.4 Gig processor with 512 meg ram and a radeon 9600 video card.
It almost looks and feels like a GBA game...but itsn't!  
Plays your Game Boy games on the SNES.
This is an old skool 2-d classic fighting game by a company called SNK/ Snk-playmorewhich is like  Capcom  but Different (EX like how Marvel  Comics is to DC Comics)you get 2 disc games and you can have 3 on 3 fights instead of 1 on 1 like street fighter.
Some games are very good.  
The game's probably only truly fun on a super high end system...
Although which FF game has the mechanically-best battle system is heavily debatable, FFX has the best-implemented battle system of the entire series, except possibly for FF Tactics.
This one however, was amazing!!
Size is great.  
It's one good game.
There's some nasty hack for it that simply doesn't work and this card will never work like they say it does.
Tony Hawk 2 gives the word fun a new definition, the skate parks are better designed than that in the original game, and the create a park and create a skater options are great additions, plus Spider-Man is a secret character.  
It's a great game for people who love Ms Pac Man (as the original game is included also), younger gamers, puzzle gamers, and those who like to move through a game fast with the option of going back to find all the bonuses.  
Banjo Kazooie is a game I've played many times since I got it in the early 2000s and while its fun, its not the most entertaining game I've played.
Umk3 looks just like the arcade version it has all of the characters and levels and they even look life there from an arcade game so on the genesis this is the best one especially on 16 bits and this game is rare
Very suprised at the graphics but the racing it self is really boring, turn left or right, pretty much all there is too it.
by far this is the best THPS game, with amazing graphics and tricks there is no reason to not enjoy it.
U PLAY ALL THE TIME....
I have to tell you that out of all of the games at the game show this game was the most impressive action game there.
The wonderful part is they all have their own unique fighting styles which keeps the action from getting dull.
Rad Racer hit that mark.
I loved it when I was 14 though, so I'm trying my hardest to love it now.
The game's story is divided into chapters.
This game is one of the best RTS games i have ever played.
but now you can have the statue of liberty or the white house  right in your town this game is a must have so buy buy buy!!!!!!!
I love this game!!!
It's a completely weird thing to say that the most polarizing Final Fantasy game in the entire series happens to be my favorite of them.
STAR WARS JEDI STARFIGHTER is a EXCELLENT game to play on PLAYSTATION 2 game consoleI give it 5 STARS " Highly Recommeneded " WORTH TO BUY THIS GAME & PLAY IT ON PLAYSTATION 2 (GAME CONSOLE)
I own an Xbox and have owned every system since atari and this is certainly one of the best.  
This game is way too easy and repetitive.  
Assault is a mode where the assaulting team has to overcome the defending team and reach an objective (one of my favorite maps for this is Overlord, a WWII Normandy beach landing map).
This is the best one and game for the nes.
This is what the game feels like!  
Buy this game!!!!
If you like clicking banners and advertisements off your screen you will love this game, cause thats all it is, clicking annoying flying/popping graphics off your screen.
this game blows the n64 spiderman game right out of the water.i feel even more like spiderman in this one.however,youre a bit too much like spiderman.theres people calling for you to do random jobs no matter where you go.you don't just stick to a wall,you must push a button.you are very very fast.you have a shedload of moves and manuvers you can perform.all this is well and good,but still have to go and be peter parker too.so theres meeting mj for dinner dates,visiting your aunt may,being a good friend to harry and taking photos.theres even pizza delivery!
Enter the Matrix sounded like it was going to be one of the best entries into the GameCube's library of games this year, with its unprecedented level of tie-in with the movies and its promise to bring the Matrix's unique style of fighting to the major game systems--but it ultimately fails to deliver.
This game is a waste of the WWE license.  
So don't buy it unless you like bad unmodern graphics.
The game's ability system strikes a pretty good balance between customization and individuality as well.
If it's even CLOSE to as good as 2002 is, I gotta have it.
this game is sweet but most games don't have 2 players.
This is hands down by far the funnest basketball game I ever played.  
Thats how it made me feel.
The rave theme is really cool, with DJ stations, dance floors, and a bunch of futuristic stuff!
Super nostalgic game for me and there's a reason it's among the best games of all time.
It's been driving me mad, I'm getting very frustrated with it...and I wish that it would work already, because this is a great game
Of my collection of Game Cube games, this is DEFINETLY not my favorite.  
The game play is probally the best it has ever been.  
All the stuff is pretty fun.
Much like an RPG,you get stats in this game to.
I think this game is well worth it.
thats pretty hard too.
Everyone who played real soccer...
Great game that all collectors should have.
BUY THIS GAME NOW!!!
Completed tricks fill up your adrenaline meter and let you boost with the B-button when you're on the ground.
The latest version is patched to 226b, so stability is not an issue.  
This game is definitely worth the money for it.
This ninja game is similar to the now well known "Ninja Gaiden" series but complete action is the only similarities.
This game is sweet.
in create a character,theres all kinds of cool stuff!
"Brainjack"?  
They are now 2 years old, and have worked flawlessly.  
Overall a good game.
the graphics are cool, and the idea of the game is great,but the ... controls just are horrible.  
Rent don't buy
To take a beautiful graphics engine such as this and use it to produce adolescent rubbish is a crime against technology.
I have the Snes version which to me is better.
I had read some of the other reviews talk about it before i got it but nothing prepared me for just how cool this game is.
I love this game.
On the default setting, I was able to beat the game in one night.  
the unit is one of the war games and I think the older kids love this game.
I used to play this game all the time when I was a kid.
Sound quality is good, feedback is good, from what I can tell others can hear me very clearly as well.
I would highly recommend not buying games that is lower than a "Good" condition or if the company hasn't tested it properly it before putting it on Amazon.
The dialogue is great.
But as long as you don't expect a storyline on par with Halo, you should have a good time.
Have a nice day.
My only gripe about this game is the simplicity of it, but I guess that's a good thing for a kid's game.
The 'supposed to be fixed' flaw is.."Another
like you shoot someone in the chest with the 50 cal sniper rifle and they'll blow in half.
Once I set the frame limiter ON, I did it on the first try.  
It was the best back when it was fresh.
I just bought the game again and I still love it!  
However, I didn't have to consult the guide (or the manual) immediately, because this is playable right out of the package, with great tutorials that allow you to play and learn at the same time.  
This is the best memory card for the Gamecube.
Even for the best player they can take many tries to master.
However Max Payne 2 does not live up to its former self.
In terms of options and playability this is the best wrestling game ever.
Final Fantasy VII- Final Fantasy VIII-
I GARANTEE you like it and take it home you family!Tony
I was soo gullible.
Great game
So it never gets boring.
The new clearance price makes this classic game a must-have for the GBA enthusiast's collection.  
the computer players ALWAYS catch up!
It's the next best thing to Halo in action shooters.
I was going to buy one card but when I found this set,I was like "Oh,forget it.
This game is like Enter the matrix it starts off good butthe replay value is bad.
Damage is handled beautifully, smoke flows, rubber squeals, it's everything a Nascar fan could want, buy it now, for some premium racing.
Great game.
ITS BEEN NONSTOP BASKETBALL FOR TWO WEEKS NOW EVERY NIGHT WHEN I GET OFF
FIT KIND OF LOOSE BUT OTHER THAN THAT IT WAS FINE
There is a good weapon selection,a good length, and not much else.
Not the best game you gott a have a pretty much powerhouse computer to play it without lag
The game is fun and well made.
The single-player game is great.  
You will be traped with the almost real characters and life like physics.
I bought it for my sister who was a fan of it too
The whole thing is pretty entertaining.
It's a great game to play with your friends and see who is the best Super Smash Bros. player there is.
At the current low price it's an easy addition to your gaming library.
Both: great.
(Some players might like  this, but I find it tedious.)
All in all, it'sstill a fun game.
This game is the best!
This was a perfect replacement and we are enjoying some old games on our new TV.
So I recommend you get a light and learn how to use it if you really want to enjoy the GBA.
This game is INCREDIBLE.  
Dark Cloud 2 would have rated a solid 5 if the narrative were better.
MX 2002 is a pretty cool game.  
GBA2 was really cool!
The "mini-mission" feature ruins what might have been an otherwise great game.
Otherwise, this game is perfect for those craving a little old school Mario Brothers action.
Resident Evil: Director's Cut,  The Best Classic Survival Game ever.
I like Ch Products design the best.
The game also has a great support web site in which you can get a lot of quest questions answered through a forum.
I thought this might be a good game.
I know it may sound dull and boring but believe me it's not.
Fantastic AI.  
u like it!
I only play and buy adventure and mystery games.
No doubt the PS2's controls are a lot better.  
I would not consider myself a gamer afficianado, however, I found the game easy to learn and found the fighting/story line combination to be a wonderful balance.
This is by far the best game I have played.
Great graphics, very mundane story, and the mini games were very well worth it.
The game play is so good i can not get off it.
It's my favorite of all time.
On a visual standard Medal of Honor looks great.
This game could have been much better,
This game is the epitome of cool, a game that is so much fun that it will make the rest of the games in your collection seem tame, even boring by comparison.  
My biggest complaint is about the mini games.
This is an amazing game.
I don't know the exact story, but it mirrors the movie in a lot of ways.
it's like the first game.
Cheats hundreds of old titles for your favorite legacy games.
the Vines are excellent for that work.
If you have Gamecube games, and they make you angry, what better way to even the score than by having this "nice" toy with you.^_^
I like this game alot but the combat is not all that intresting its good but you will be playing this more for the story and puzzles and just fighting when force to or when you just want to hack n slash over all it good just look at the water there is some slow downs but not that bad
Ok, so I know why (Super Smash Brothers...
Anyone looking to buy some NES controllers this seller sells the legit Nintendo controllers must buy folks.
it would have been easy for ROCKSTAR to "rest on it's laurels" and re-hash gta3 in a different city.(and
True, it plays almost nothing like the other SMB games, but what the hey, it's still fun!
Well just a few years later, here comes something way better.
This game can entertain kids under 10 for hours, or provide a great game to drink to for college kids.  
I have played HMM and HMM2, but this by far is the best.  
Now you can play Batman just like in the hit film Batman Returns(1992).This game
My kids and I all love the Pokemon Gameboys (the three of us each have our own Gameboy).
This movie-like, horror series can be written down as a new genre of gaming, horror.
Good material.
When released it had great games, Sonic Adventure, Power Stone, NFL 2K and such on.
I love final fantasy and part 9 is a hell of alot better then part 8!!
This was a pretty good game, but not a great game.
My favorite of all is the character class.  
Great collection of some of the best games of all time, and easily one of my favorite GBA games.
You can take the top off the VMU and transfer files into another VMU or link it up to play mini-games together.  
This game is my favorite game.
Everything about the sound in this game couldn't have been better.
Bottom line: This is a good game.
I stayed up all night playing!  
I love this game!
It's actually kind of expensive now to get it
These are found in special rooms on the walls.
This game ranks pretty high with all my other games I have and I have a lot.
Put Sonic on ice for a while and get back to making games like this!
Yes, this game is a classic for a reason.
Other than Raiden and the storyline, the game is pretty good.  
you like SEEEEERIOUSLY EASY games, then buy this game.
The outdoor environments are some of the best I've ever seen in a game.
Don't think I can say much more than I have in the title.  
It is still an awesome game to play.
It set the standard for "survival horror" in video games.  
The story is not too bad either.
This game is a very good length its not to short but its also not to long.
I can't tell you how much I loved this game when I first played it years ago.  
My favorite controller bar none of all time.  
This game is perfect in every way.
Its kinda like a Halo Warthog only they don't drive like a zero-gravity bumper car.  
The nForce2 Chipset shares IRQ's with the USB and Network Controller...
I know I'm a bit late, but I'm in love.  
one of my favs back in the day to do co-op and fight against my friends using a ps2 multitap
This game is fun, fun, fun!!!
There are plenty of far, far better games for your money.
Especially think the ice racing events are great.
Definitely a great game for any strategy gaming fan!
This is the best platformer on Gameboy, Maybe it's best game...
What a waste of money.
It installs without a problem but you need to install the first link on this website (Halo PC 1.0.10)
Getting back to Final Fantasy IX, wether you have played a Final Fantasy game or you haven't this game is a sure shot at fun.  
A bad ass game live the whole series on the game so far they did a great job on making these games and lost this one and had to have it again
With more playable characters and levels than ever available, be prepared to sit on your floor(couch) playing this until it's beaten!
If you wanna play classic Pokmon games, then this game is a classic one for you to play thru and thru.
Better than Halo.
But overall, it is worth playing.
This is a game for those who love history and a challenge.
oh and also BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
After playing the game I also thoroughly enjoyed its story and charectors.  
Fun stuff...
Nice game and fun.
It's a puzzle/strategy game,so forget about suitin' upto slay the dragon.
This is my favorite GBA game in the world.  
It is easily one of the top 10 NES games.
THE BEST TWISTED METAL EVER!!!!
Absolutely fantastic.
Overall this game is 1 of the best games for the PSP.  
It is ok but not the best out there.
Buy this, now.
The atmosphere generated is fantastic.
Yoshi is so cool.
The best of these games are target, racing, bowling, fight and pool.  
That way you don't have to buy everything in parts from different people, trust me you don't want to deal with what I had to deal with.
Still, a great game.
It's pretty scratched up but it still plays and that's what matters
It's Sonic's greatest classics.  
Please DO NOT BUY this game.  
Overall, this is definitly the greatest game i have ever played.
Ok, I have spent countless days researching which is the best portable screen for the Gamecube.
Well worth the money.  
The courses are cool but nothing that makes my eyes buldge.
This game is so much fun.  
What makes this game great , is its replay value.
It has, by far, the very best WRITING of any computer game.
This game is very different than other Shin Megami Tensei games.
Boring, Dull and just too similar for anyone to care.
This is a great game and has a lot of action scenes.
No cool cut scenes!  
Decent amount of buttons and a good price point.
The story is better than EVERY  BOOK AND MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN BY FAR.If you like things like the X-Files  and end of times thrillers, you will EAT THIS UP.
Sound- 7/10It can't be perfect; it's an N64 game.
This was the most boring game I've ever bought.  
Of these Durlag's Tower is the most challenging and interesting.
Interesting as I like it too.
If you liked Schizm, you probably will not like it so well.
